 May I be your guest?
 May I be your guest?
 Or maybe you have to wait longer for a book to turn a profit!
 It sounds a little more like a service to hook people up with sexually permissive and sexually available dudes, T-Rex!
 I know for a fact that on e of those doesn't exist, T-Rex!
 Aw, I think you'd look cute in them! I also think you can turn this around and make glasses your thing, you know?
 Do your other rock star friends talk like that? Do they reference themselves as "cool rock star[s]"?
 Didn't Hitchcock make a movie about that?
 How about "We have cured all diseases!"?
 Can cockroaches throw up? I think I read somewhere that they can't throw up.
 Ah, that's right.
  Meat party!
 I think I would wish that everyone would be happy forever
 I'd use my other two wishes as damage control, T-Rex
 Really? Cowboy hat robot was 10% destroyed?
 It's just - I think I'm beginning to be in the minority here, but "decimated" means "destroy one tenth". It comes from the Roman army, who'd kill 1/10th of a cohort as an extreme form of punishment. Precision in language is a virtue!
 Did you find any?
 To enter Relationship Towne, turn to panel 4!
 Oh, alright!
 I guess so!
 Well you're in a good mood today, T-Rex! It's always a pleasure to see you!
 Think nothing of it, lovely!
 Aww! You must have been such a cute kid!
 This is depressing. Turn to panel 4.
 weiners
 Yes! I guess I'll see you in a few weeks...
 What?
 Well... what do you want me to do about it, T-Rex?
 Hi, T-Rex. What's gotten into you?
 This conveys the meaning of "Curses. I have destroyed my walkin' parts."
 How many religions have you started so far, T-Rex?
 But you can't really invent a new emotion-
 Alright!
 That's gross and you should wear bigger shirts. I'm so manly that when I glance at pregnant women they become pregnant with MY child instead. My line of sight is SO MANLY that it impregnates already pregnant women. Just in case that wasn't clear.
 You already have a personality, T-Rex.
 Hi there, T-Rex! What's nothing more than a convenience?
 You want to change your sexual orientation, T-Rex?
  Of course!!
 I guess?
 Are we precocious? 
 Um. OK. Let's go back to my place, and I'll make some tea.
 I guess, sure!  But what if one of us is on the other side of the world?
 It's a popular name.
 EXCUSE ME, HE LIKES IT
 I don't know why you're talking about this here, of all places, T-Rex, but we DO have a thing going. We have a very deep friendship. But you keep making noises about maybe it being something more and never acting on them and I don't like feeling like I'm waiting around for someone. What I have with Tarbosaurus is nice, and I'm sorry, I know I should have told you sooner, but I wasn't sure it was going to amount to anything until recently!
 Haven't they done that before?
 The sooner you accept that's a word, T-Rex, the sooner you'll be able to accept your crushing loss in the field of word creation and manipulation using pseudo-random letters as atoms.
 I've never seen a "thanks for the sex" card. What do they say? "Hey sweet stuff / That sex was fine / An offer of less sex / I would decline"?
 Yesterday you told me you wanted your epitaph to be "T-Rex Always Needed Sex To Have A Good Time."
 But not great.
 You need to go to school for all those things.  All you ever do is stomp.
 There is no such profession.
  Practicing does not make you get bigger, only getting older does that.
 Wow!
 Will there ever be a way to do that?
 Well, T-Rex. . . maybe it is you a little, you know? You do kind of talk yourself up a bit.
 That was a year ago!
 Amazing!
 Well "#8212;
 I love "#8212; you!
  But if they can't verify something, what do they do?
 Um - I'm sorry to break it to you, T-Rex, but mathematical truths aren't absolute either. Math is built on a priori assumptions: you start with a few things that you assume are true and build on them! Stuff like "1+2 is the same as 2+1". Then you build up a mathematical system around that, but that doesn't mean math is true. It's just - consistent!
 What if you made your house spiritually scary, T-Rex?  Like, instead of a corpse, a mannequin of a woman who is realizing that she has married badly.
 Aww, T-Rex, we can still hang out and drink green beer!
 Yeah, but then you'd lose the hoy of living your own life! There'd be no more surprises.
 "You can't fire me, baby! I quit!"
 But where are you going to get a skeleton?
 What? You LOST the baby pterodactyl you were sitting? You LOST a BABY? T-Rex! THIS IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK IT IS!
 Holy cow! She will mind, T-Rex! You are in big trouble!
 Holy cow!
 Which?
 Oh my goodness!
 Why do we let language get like this?
 Um, why don't you talk to him about it?
 All I've got to show for the past week is a book I published as part of a practical joke that I really enjoyed! Also I made a delicious meal, but that's gone now. I'm experimenting with eggplant.
 Next time!
 Want to come over for some "chai" tea? 
 Further, T-Rex, they go on to observe that "One bad apple spreads decay to other apples stored nearby. An entire barrel can easily be ruined in this manner."
 But it's tonight that we're all planning to meet for dinner!
 Well, you're making people happy, and that's something, right?
 But those two animals would never meet in real life, right?
 And it really works? It gives you the strength of twenty men?
 Like what?
 So then, do it T-Rex! Write some material, sign up for an amateur night, and do it!
 But why wouldn't he just go by "Albert"?  Or "Alberto"?
 What about Gone With The Friggin' Wind, Casa-Friggin'-Blanca, and It's A Friggin' Wonderful Life?
 My relationships are fine too!  I broke up with the guy I was dating, but it's cool.
 He punned too often?  And they weren't even, like, good puns.  They were always the same puns.
 This is what I'm saying!
 Are you implying that you found the baby pterodactyl you lost-
 Hah!  What kind of noises?
 That's TERRIBLE. T-Rex, you're supposed to use it to recontextualize an innocuous statement into a double entendre, not to indicate that both people on the date were happy. Here, say it after I stop talking. "You can stay in my guest house for a week."
 See? Actually, no, that's not so great either.
 Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
 Well I guess I'll see you there tonight, punch in hand.
 But why did he say it to his dog? Was it because all his friends were flakes?
 You sure like explosions, huh?
 Um - thanks?
 That's what you think women want? Seriously?
 So you're aiming for the under-six market?
 I don't know - a few dollars?
 When was this?
 Easy! "How many socialites does it take to change a lightbulb?"
Dromiceiomimus (thinking): Has anyone ever made a doctor-themed parody of Back to the Future, called "Back to the Suture"?
Dromiceiomimus (thinking): I should probably do that.
 I'm listening!
That- that was terrible.
 I'm a big fan of sex.
 So?
 Okay!
 Tertiary-butyl mercaptan.
 I'd love to see it!
 Wow, that actually sounds like good business advice, T-Rex.  Customers want to buy something they're already familiar with!
 That one is less impressive.
 And I am Ilsa, a mysterious woman who had a torrid affair with you in the past, but who then stood you up at a train station.  But check THIS out: I was married the whole time we were dating and still totally am!  Also, I love you and you'll have to do the thinking for both of us.
 So it's the same old "steal technology from the future" idea?
 Any sufficiently-advance technology is indistinguishable from magic, T-Rex! Arthur C. Clarke said it.
 I feel like you haven't thought this out, T-Rex.
 I - I really do.
 I don't think you would, T-Rex! Because you could basically do that today, if you wanted to read up on the physics. The issue is that even with the ground moving, the board is going to slide down the ramp because of gravity.
 I remember that driver's license!
 So it's a platformer?
 So its not going well?
 Where'd you get it?
 Your problems just seem to - escalate, huh?
 He has a vocoder?
 So the story starts out the same, but the guy slips on some lube and then lands in an old jock strap!
 Hah hah! "Hey baby, I'm T-Rex! Can *I* kiss your fingertips?"
 I don't think you'd fit on a giraffe, T-Rex.
 Um, Hamlet doesn't actually end like that, T-Rex.
 T-Rex, I'm really sorry, but I can't do this anymore.  I can't be with someone I can't communicate with.
 See?  I don't even know who you are!
 T-Rex, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
 T-Rex, I do not celebrate this holiday! I'm actually celebrating Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day, which happens to fall on the same day.
 Well, he IS from the past, and 80% of the plays from his time survive as titles alone!  We're lucky to have the data we do.
 Sorry!
 Sorry!
 OKAY T-REX
 Yes?
 Who's Dana? What'd she do?
 I didn't know you liked George Clooney!
 Would you say that you're a... Cloonatic?
 Come on, T-Rex. That's plagiarized. That's a Jerry Seinfeld joke.
 I guess?
 I'm not sure if one guy can change the way language is used, T-Rex!
 Has that ever happened to you?
 When I was in high school, I'd increase the font size on all my periods from 12 points to 14 points, thereby extending my paper in a way that was very difficult to detect!
 T-Rex, all I'm saying is that i can be just as "manly" as I am now if I don't go "extreme baseball skydiving" with you.
 Hah!  You know, I'd watch that commercial.
  Isn't that an inherited disease?
  How so?
 What's wrong with "He's at peace"?  It's nice.
 That's still an identifiable group of society, T-Rex!
 Maybe you should go see a doctor, T-Rex!
 Hey, it's no big deal.  You can go to a clinic, or you can look up doctors in your area and make an appointment.
 Um, thanks, I guess!
 Oh God. Let's never talk again.
 Aw crap! The world is going to explode at midnight tonight!
 Ah, it's no biggie! I'll just divide how much I like someone by their distance from me.
 Hey, T-Rex, did you drop your wallet in my -
 Okay, it's just - there was a wallet in my toilet this morning, and you left last night in a hurry, saying you'd "Need to visit the wallet store soon" but then came back once and clarified that you were pretending you were a friend of yours when you said that.
 Sure!
 Ok!
 Was that awesome, at least?
 You're cold-blooded? 
 Well, T-Rex, the whole point is that you say these words with conviction and understanding and honestly accept their meaning. It's not like -
 I disagree!
 I think it's pretty clear, T-Rex, that I am the epitome of the male form.
 And you'd better call a plumber, because pipes are going to burst!
 So what's your solution?
 Let's bomb Los Angeles!
 No argument here
 It is so bad, T-Rex! Fascism is bad news!!
 Some people would still want to be free!
 I asked none of these questions
 I think this is just a matter of figuring out a different sort of Life Points"#8482;!
 ...Sure?
 Or loneliness.
 Plus you give up any powers of reasoning.
 People actually think your dog has super powers?
 It seems a bit - conservative!
 I'm sorry T-Rex, but something came up. But say "hi" to everyone for me!
 Who?
 Saying "We declare war" is the same, isn't it?
 But T-Rex, um, you and I don't really have --
 Maybe you should focus more on themes instead of powers, T-Rex!
 T-Rex.
 Are they awesome? Maybe we could be friends!
 T-REx, I've always wondered: how do you ride a bike with your tine ar-
 So we all have to be excited on January 1st?
 I can't, T-Rex! I've got a dentist appointment.
 Depends on how it goes at the dentist, I think. I don't want to party with new fillings.
 oh god
 Huh?
 What? That's it? That's the story?
 Their significance cannot be overstated.
 That's not a robot, T-Rex! That's a standard bread machine.
 Where were you yesterday, T-rex?
 Really? You didn't shower or anything?
 Maybe that can change though?
 Its a human, T-Rex. Babies crawl on all fours, then they walk around and then when they're old they use a cane. Come on, that riddle's from Ancient Greece. That riddle is so old-school, the techniques necessary for modern school construction won't be invented for two thousand years.
 I could, but this is something you should really learn to do for yourself, T-Rex!
 But I thought you were all about going down in history, T-Rex?
 Yeah, because most ancient texts are lost forever! I'd bet less than 10% of movies are lost and I'm sure more than that amount of text is gone.
 ... I don't get it.
Dromiceiomimus (off screen): T-Rex?! What are you doing here? It's late! It's 3 AM!
 And so modest, too!
 I think that some folks like the 70s.
 A minced oath?
 But you're moving!
 t-rex you look terrible today!
 you look: poorly drawn
 you just need to be drawn by someone with talent
 I'M SORRY NO, I AM ALSO A TALKING DINOSAUR AND NOT A SCIENTIST.
 PLUS T REX THIS IS LIKE THE THIRD TIME.
 hello T-REX you are handsome
 Oh!  Well, thank you!
 That's very clear!  And instead of saying "I'm sad" you can say "I'm a friend of Aquaman's."
 Well, I can't say that I follow you T-Rex
 I think you mean "prejudice". And what about diaries, amateur writings, transcriptions of dialogue, writing under duress...?
 I don't believe that's the case?
 And except for the fact that we can't just decide to stop making mistakes.
 Oh, actually, about that: they're rebranding it, T-Rex. It's now referred to as "Golden Crisp" in most major markets.
 Neat! So you're wandering around being all agog at electricity and airplanes and stuff!
 Ah.
 Are you sure he was honking at you?
 Agreed!  But on the other hand, perfect knowledge of every candidate's position on every issue isn't possible.  So there will always be UNDERinformed voters - it's just a matter of degree!
 Possibly! Or, I could be prepared and we could have a great time without you.
 So what's the problem?  Player Two should accept all the time - some money is better than none, right?
 Friggin' zeitgeists, eh?
 Sweet! So what are we looking for, T-Rex?
 We're searching for a nuclear bomb!?
 Name one painting that's not the Mona Lisa, The Scream, Starry Night, the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, or the one with the dour couple holding the pitchfork.
 But T-Rex, maybe I like cherries and you like icing. It doesn't have to be equal to be fair!
 You're taking it literally?
 Yep!
 You'd never dreamed about flying before?
 How is naming you as beneficiary revenge?
 Actually, someone's already eaten a tractor!
 Over years, in tiny undigested pieces.
 What?
 ...
 So, 66.67 is really the ceiling - any number larger than that can't possibly win!
 So they're not allowing a disability to affect their job performance!  Nice.
 That's a pretty eclectic set of decorations!
 I - you're dating her?
 But Daffy's his name! Shouldn't we think of him when we hear it?
 "Frigorific" is actually old news, T-Rex! It was Merriam-Webster's Word of the Day last - Thursday, I think?
  Or maybe you'd say "I'm glad my current circumstances aren't as bad as THAT!" or "Now that THAT'S over, things have nowhere to go but up!"
 It's comedy?
 How? Funny sweaters? Funny evening gowns? Funny HOSIERY?
 But that's because there's not much we actually know about Shakespeare's life.
 At what point does plagiarism begin, though? When defining a word, especially in brief, it's possible you'd hit on the exact same word structure as someone else. That's not plagiarism, that's just "#8211;independent invention!
 I'm not sure I'd want to be with someone who describes their own body as "surprising".
 Or maybe they'll look back and be aghast at all the animals we kill and eat for food?
 Adults can buy their own clothes, but also have to reconcile themselves to the fact that sooner or later, their best years will be behind them!
 And the balloon wasn't filled with helium! It was filled with water.
 And another one that says "We all get to live forever now!"
 You let it loose?!
 ... is REVENGE.
 He actually stabs out his eyes becuase he realizes he's murdered his father and married his mother.
 "Standard" is the word you were going to impress us with?  "Standard".
 Ballet is hard and takes years of training, T-Rex! To suggest that you could just barge onstage during Swan Lake and just join in is actually kind of offensive to ballet dancers.
 Ah.
  I am too, T-Rex!  It's going to be great.
  Oh God.  That's disgusting.
 That's pretty amazing!
  That's all you've got?
 Is it colin@chumpstakingdumps.com?
 Why?
 That's funny, because you never seem showered whenever I see you.
 You need a seed friend, though!
 How fun did you expect them to be?
 T-rex, did you remember my birthday today?
 Oh well! You have amnesia, so I guess that's OK.
 What did you have in mind?
 I've never seen you solve problems with your fists either, actuall!
 "Actionfigureocracy"?
 It's one way of looking at it!
 It's one way of looking at it!
 Hey T-Rex, I wanted you to know: I won a little bit of money in the lottery and I want to share it with you!
 April Fools'!
 You have a smokin' bod, T-Rex!
 Okay, but they've probably both felt this way berfore.
 But what makes you think you're so prepared?
 What if that second thought doesn't come though?
 One day your parents had sex, and then later you showed up?
 One day your parents had INSANELY EPIC SEX, and then later, you showed up?
 T-Rex, I'm glad we're friends too! I like that we can talk about things without worrying about how it might look to someone else.
 I believe you can change your name to whatever you want.
 okay
 You can barbecue vegetables, T-Rex. I'll bring some vegetables and I'll show you how!
 But T-Rex, what if beauty is nothing but an illusion? What if we're all nothing but dreams within dreams that, for an instant, imagine themselves to be real?
 "Have confidence in this certainty: things will be alright."
 Over what? Batman punching or being a good member of society?
 Today is special because today I'm going to be a lady with poise and grace, who excels at her job and does all that she can to make the world a better place!
 I know, right?
 It's your entire adult life!
 But you do, T-Rex!
 So what happened in your dream, T-Rex?
 Wow! Robots and all!
 You seem to be big on going out by saving people!
 T-Rex, do you actually know what a calorie is? It's just, sometimes people use the phrase without actually knowing what they're saying.
 Fahrenheit DOES ensure there's no negative numbers when dealing with commonly-encountered temperatures.
 It sounds like you've got allergies, T-Rex!
 Yep! But don't worry about it, I already saved 'em all. As you know, I have super strength AND super speed.
 That's a bit obvious for a sequel, don't you think?
 I like them both!
 What do you mean?
 T-Rex I've heard you say that about every possible demographic - whether it's age, gender, or race.
 Does anything of substance happen in this story? Or do we just humor the reader as he or she fumbles through the novelty of this storytelling device?
 So by "Choose Your Own", you mean have the narrative thrust at you haphazardly in accordance with your natural reading pace?
 So no choice at all then, unless you want to awkwardly modify your reading habits.
 Looks like you win that argument!
 When I start reading a panel and it changes suddenly, I feel like I am being punished for not reading fast enough.
 Seriously, would anyone take this long to get to this panel?
 Oh hey, T-Rex! Where are you back from?
 Huh?
 What?
 Okay!
 Okay!
 How are you going to pull this off, T-Rex?
 Why do you think that's a problem, T-Rex?
 Assuming that both players play the game optimally! And assuming that in the war, one player moves first.
 I'm not sure it's the best! Much more famous openings include "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times..." and "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife."
 It's tricky to sound natural, though.
 Seriously, who does that?
 And the "fist" is capitalized?
 They do define who can procreate.
 T-Rex!
 T-Rex, the "here to say / somethingest guy in the USA" combination is older than dust, and adding "rappingest" is like pouring extra dust from an old folk's home over it. A Pangean old folk's home.
 The dust represents EXTREME AGE, T-Rex.
 Universally? Really?
 I'm not sure that's the case!  Plus, friction would eventually make your butt catch on fire.
 You're making a list of - characters?
 Plus, there's probably tons of strategy guides and stuff online that would cover anything you know and then some.
 It saves time! What's the difference between a dead skunk and a dead PROFESSION MEMBER in the middle of the road?
 Someone who knows how to PRACTICE A PROFESSION, but doesn't!
 T-Rex the T.rex?
 No matter what you do, there's always something more you could have done, and more you could have achieved?
 You'd have to be dead though.
 That's that climactic slow dance from Back to the Future, right? Why do you like it?
 And what if "Johnny B. Goode" was played as the next song?
 On the other hand, some lottery winners are less happy a few years after winning than they were before!
 "Being raped is totally way worse than failing a test."
 Hey, imagine if the only quotation that survived from you was "Time to get myself into some of them quote books"?
 According to the calendar in my computer, the world began on January 1st, 1970 at very the stroke of midnight!! It's impossible to make it go back earlier, and every moment is measured by the number of seconds since that one incredibly significant date!  History is a lie! Unix software developers tried to warn us!!
 Cyberneticists study the structure of regulatory systems.
 Undermining serious work into the origins of life on our planet, I see.
 No. 
 "A rose by any other name would smell as sweet"!
 There's nothing like a Twitter post that says "Definitely not planniny any crimes ever! #seriouslyyouguys"
 "Here Lies T-Rex: He Never Stopped Saying "Frig" / Even If He Stopped Saying Other Words".
 IN THE FUTURE, portrayals by others of our shared past will infringe upon our memories of it, and people born after our time will only understand it through the shorthand aspects of cultural consensus found in the media.
 Exactly!
 Have you tried faking it?
 And then what?
 What?  Are you talking about your $50 debt to Utahraptor?
 T-Rex, he told me because he'd lent you the money a long time ago, and he was concerned that asking you for it a third time in as many months was not polite.  I told him YOU were the one who was impolite in for putting him in this situation!
 You'd rather she marry - well, who, Jughead?
 You want to be the first murderer in space?
 Probably for the fun of sport, T-Rex! The goal isn't actually the trophy.
 T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME".
 Probably for the fun of sport, T-Rex! The goal isn't actually the trophy.
 T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME".
 Huh?
 I want to be a witch
 But what if I... dressed up like a flapper, and said "Here's the news?"
 But what if I... dressed up like a flapper, and said "Here's the news?"
 What do you mean, T-Rex? A catastrophic dive in either case and you're still dead.
 Maybe they were too busy trying to survive?
 Gross!
 Clearly!
 Hey T-Rex, why are you dressed up so fancy?
 I thought we'd agreed - on your urging, actually - that we'd all be saying "bitches" less.
 See, that's still basically "bitches".
 *sigh*
 So it's in my interest to outbid him with 3 cents: that way I can at least make a profit of 97 cents!
Dromiceiomimus (from outside the panel): I'm sure there's not a BILLION of them, T-Rex.
 Whoah! That's terrible.
 Aw man, seriously?! We never get that one figured out?
 Really! Why the bird?
 Interesting! And also true!
 Why should that matter?  Your existence now is in no way different than it was before.
 I believe that particular point would have been better off remaining a subtle irony.
 So memorize them, T-Rex! You're an adult now. Your hat size isn't going to change.
 Those sound like pretty suspicious circumstances, T-Rex!
 "Check it"?
 Maybe something that used to work won't work anymore!
 It's one of the reasons we're friends!
 Sure! What are you making?
 Appropiate!
 Maybe the letter arrives when you're old because if you get it any sooner, you mess up in your rescue attempt and die!  Or worse!
 Okay
 What?  Daaaaaang!
 They're always arguing!
 How is your MP3 player dumb, T-Rex?
 Getting out of bed can be dangerous.
 You don't think permanent lights are less special?
 What possible scary use could flour have?
 What possible scary use could flour have?
 T-Rex, you're huge! Who's going to force you to do anything?
 I too represent nature, but rather its nurturing aspect!
 But what about if you and I have different ideas about what the perfect dude is?
 It's just I'm - I'm pretty sure we do.
 Today I made peace with the possibility that some people might enjoy being wrong.
 T-Rex, we're in the future! People have PHONES that can send emails now.
 What if we took the sum value of all the world's currencies? That'd tell us how much everything is worth, in total!
 What are you doing?
 Well, you can bolster it some, right? Like, you could add on the price each your organs would fetch on a black market. That'd raise it some!
 No, but Carl Sagan did.
 They're still working on cutting that page in half, God bless 'em.
 You can hire a locksmith to cut the locks open.
 Conditional bequest?
 "I think I had about, hugga bubba, five drinks last night"?
 That's not a false document, T-Rex! Shakespeare was a real guy, and dictionaries actually exist.  It's more like if, I don't know, the Necronomicon was read by a Shakespeare CHARACTER.
 Then what happens?
 Well, not exactly. Life here is 4 billion years old, remember, so older forms of life have been here before. 16 times before, actually.
 Gosh, I'm sorry - I was just on my way to the grocery store. Some other time, OK?
 Um, why do you think you're a genius, T-Rex?
 ...No?
 That is true! I see no reason why we both couldn't go out and buy some women's underwear!
 You justify your destruction via science?
 Who's getting married?
 Wow!
 It turns out MY sister knows your friend's bride! Small world!
 I promised myself I wouldn't cry, but I cried! It was a beautiful wedding. Are you going to see the brides?
 Yeah, he has really bad fashion sense!
 I once learned how to hypnotize anyone!
 But, T-Rex, Thanksgiving was-
 How was the club, T-Rex?
 Three women?
Dromiceiomimus- Maybe if you stopped stomping on things - that seems to annoy him more than anything else.
 W-what, you want to eat me?
 I didn't know today was your birthday! Happy birthday!
 Were any famous men or women born on your birthday?
 Do you think this might be the result of all the bad house-related karma you've earned by stomping on other people's houses every day?
 Well, not right now, but tell you what, T-Rex: if any come up, you'll be the first person I'll call!
 How about a spooky mummy?
 A puppy?
 You didn't.
 Man.  Well, here's what you have to do...
 Hello, T-Rex!
 But aren't you forget about 1 1/2 teaspoons of turmeric and about a half a teaspoon of salt?
 I thought I would die laughing!
 Why, that sentence is senseless!
 Sure! I'll bake a delicious pumpkin pie for dessert!
 But the Delorean needs power for the flux capacitor: 1.21 jigawatts worth!
 Why do you think it would be so great to be called as a witness in a murder trial? Do you want to have witnessed a murder?
 What does that mean, "story of my life"?
 You know, I've never really been comfortable with being a vegetarian Dromiceiomimus.
 How can Dinosaur PRESENT day be coming up?
 Ha ha ha!
 Peace and love and joy and hope and truth and beauty.
 Why's that?
 Hmm... is this a riddle? Is the answer "longest"?
 Hmm... is this a riddle? Is the answer "longest"?
 Yes, the weather has been very nice lately.
 Look, um, T-Rex - don't say that word. No real person ever uses that word.
 No, please, T-Rex, don't use that word.You know who uses that word? Jerks use that word, T-Rex.
 Just fine, Manospondylus Gigas!
 Christmas a humbug, uncle! You don't mean that, I am sure?
 Come, then. What reason have you to be morose? You're rich enough.
 I - I guess so!
 Yeah, it's pretty great.
 It is indeed, T-Rex.  A fine day for going to the beach - is that where you're headed?
 A sea shanty? Like, a pirate song?
 And how do you plan to accomplish this miraculous transformation?
 T-Rex, I didn't become your friend because of the chance of a reward! I'm not sure this is a good idea: people might find it insulting!
 T-Rex, you have cooties?
 Okay, but I heard you had cooties! I heard you had them bad!
 Good sir, my heart is aflutter!  I will do as you ask.
 You wrote a sex scene?
 But what if someone you know reads it? What if your MOM reads it?
 You should stomp that house not at all!
 Huh?  What?
 Are we still on for dinner?
 Shouldn't you be having these thoughts in your private lair, rather than out in the open?
 T-Rex, I was hoping I'd run into you! Would you be my Valentine?
 I thought I would die laughing!
 Ice cream night?
  Sure I did!  We smoke together sometimes!
 Oh, I only smoke once in a while, and only when I've been drinking.
 Then, wouldn't that be a biography?
 Then, wouldn't that be a biography?
 please leave me be
 T-Rex, he's going around making people give him all their money!
 I guess, but I never remember them at the morning!
 Please don't stomp on 'em, T-Rex!
 T-Rex! You can't stomp that house! You don't have a warrant!!
 It's called the fouth wall in theatre because of the three walls of the set, isn't it? In comics, wouldn't we call it the fifth wall? The first four walls would be the four sides of the panel, wouldn't they?
 Spread 'em, perp!
 ...
 What?
 He said by the tree. Do you see any others?
 It's ok. I guess...
 What, that? You were supposed to be miming?
 Is this conversation canon?
 But "#8211; that doesn't really make sense.
 I am, T-Rex, and you as well, I see!
 Yes!
 Oh my goodness!
 How do you do it?
 Yep.
 Long enough!
 I don't have a bike!
 No thanks!
 Sure! Although I've not heard much of your poetry!
 Sure, I'll help you! Why don't we start with my helping you out in the ways of... PLEASURE?
 What is it?
 Yep! I made drinks and set up lawn chairs and even a croquet set!
 Who are you talking to, T-rex?
 Yes, it was quite a corker!
 It's old slang!  It means something was really good!
 I had some delivered!
 You know it, baby!
 Yeah, or like, "single bicurious lesbians".
 So long T-Rex!  I hope you don't become your own grandfather!
 Oh, T-Rex! Back from your adventure through time?
  But T-Rex, what if time travel is not just hard, but impossible?  If time travel is possible, where are all the tourists from the future?
 You're moving with your Auntie and Uncle in Bel-Air!
 ?
 Have you seen my keys?
 I do not!
 No and no! I, unlike YOU, never do stuff like that.
 I see you in person often enough! What do you want emails for?
 I see you in person often enough! What do you want emails for?
 Outta my way, kid! I'm a thief fleeing from a crime I just committed!
 Mad enough to stomp on a house?
 I don't have a kite!
 Yes I do, T-Rex!
 It's very nice, thank you, T-Rex!
 I am a more patient woman and I did not resort to violence to solve my problems!
 How did this make you feel?
 I object to the word "Chicks"! Change it to "women".
 T-Rex, I read your brilliant theory! It puts every other scientist to shame - indeed, all of dinokind!
 You are so wise and modest, T-Rex! I hope I can be your friend forever.
 But you didn't... oh well, too late.
 You're a dying breed, my friend! There are only a few credit watchers left!
 Foreign?
 Fast?
 Freshly waxed, with a GPS tracking system?
 Ha ha, nope! Maybe this will let US get a word in edgewise!
 Sure! Although, the emphasis you placed on "travelling companion" does fill me with some suspicion.
 I would not, as I think you couldn't even define what a neoclassical pastiche is, my friend.
 Are you sure it wasn't just a confidence thing? A sort of "the new dance moves were in you all along" thing?
 My, my!  Hello!
 Have you ever imagined what it would be like if you WERE a movie star, T-Rex?
 What, are you talking about me? You're saying I'm emotionally distant!
 Well T-Rex, I think you're here - as I think we're all here - in order to make the world a better place. That is the purpose of life, I believe!
 You're a one-man party, my friend!
 But do you think you could take the party DOWN a notch?
 Does that mean your body is...less than perfect?
 Oh boy! You've justifies being uncouth! Who cares about the past 1000 years of evolving social graces?
 Yes, from any given perspective there is no change!
 I'm selling unwanted possessions on eBay!
 Why?
 I wouldn't put it that way!
 That's very resp - actually, T-Rex, that's exactly as responsible as you should be.
 I would think that they are hot!
 I would think that they are hot!
 I do! And or escape...!
  We tried to warn you!  We, your other friends, tried to warn you that you had been drinking, but now our mutual friend is dead, BECAUSE OF YOU!  We can't be friends anymore.
 That is the stereotype!
 word!
 Whoah! Sounds like somebody is afraid of women!
 ...T-Rex?
 Yes!  Very clever, T-Rex.
  But I like emotions, T-Rex!  I like feeling happy and content and loved!
 Okay, um... What's ten times two?
 But T-Rex, most fan fiction  has characters from TV and movies acting implausibly in implausible situations, and also kissing each other!  Does - does yours?
 The Earth spinning in orbit!
 These are big questions, my friend!
 Haven't we gone over this before? Declaring yourself to be angry doesn't excuse personal responsibility, T-Rex!
 Well, we all prefer when you're yourself, but also not a rude jerk. You can be both!
  Congratulations my friend!  I am supportive of your sexual proclivities.  What's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2?
 Everything's fine, except now Kayleigh's father has become a crazy pedophile!
 You seem awfully cheerful about all this!
 How do you mean, T-Rex?
 A what?
 Hey T-Rex, what's up?  Out for a walk, I see?
 Hah hah, really?  You're not the T-Rex who demands thigh fives from his friends?
 That's a healthy attitude, T-Rex! It'll let you explore things you otherwise might not, because you won't be worried about what others think!
 T-Rex, that service has been available for a while now.
 How do you intend to fool him?
 And yet, you're talking about talking about it, so do you want me to ask what the crazy thing was?
 What about a world-weariness that can only come from watching everyone you know and love age and die while you remain stuck in a perpetual youth?
 I guess!
 Well, I don't know... I guess around eleve-
 Is there such a thing as an incorrect fact? Doesn't being a fact imply correctness?
 Hooray!!
 Yay! The T-Rex is here! I love you, T-Rex!
 But where's the magic? Where's the love and care that is shown in a well-wrapped present?
 T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 Maybe you don't understand verbs?
 It seems unlikely!
 Oh, is this one of those dumb Conspiracy Secrets, wherein fluoride is actually designed to induce pregnancy in freshly married women or something?
 G-great?
 But if you've already ordered your meal, why would they? They still get their money either way.
 whoa whoa whoa!  T-Rex!  Nobody wants to hear about your lovemaking 'technique'!
 No!  Good gosh, this talk belongs in the bedroom, IF ANYWHERE!
 No thanks!
 Most guys I know are like that, T-Rex.
 What's with all the shouting, T-Rex?
 Oh, T-Rex! Are you upset because as a male, you'll never be able to know the small joys and frustrations of having and being a sister?
 T-Rex, we've gone over this before! Remember? Immrtality could violate conservation of energy laws? Science means that not all dreams can come true?
 Well, ah ha, I'm not sure that you wouldn't have picked it up somewhere else!
 Whoah, T-Rex!  Such sexualized language!
 Woah, hold up! WHICH spring break, T-Rex? You don't go to school!
 Nope!
 I don't know - I don't feel qualified to have children.
 Don't you get fed up with fighting ninjas all the time t-rex?
 I can magically change myself into a raptor.
 No, I... guess it's just you. Mister, uh...
 Heh. I never noticed before, but they are kinda cute.
 ...What? What kind of question was that?
 Gasp!
  Hah hah!  I don't believe it!  T-Rex - you're afraid of raccoons!
 Cephalopods? Like squid?
 Really!  Wow, that's quite a development!
 Really? That seems pretty improbable, since I know that eyelids closing is just incidental to the sneezing refl-
 Huh? You don't like spam protection systems?
 Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof.
 "Hearty man sleep"?
 You're going to have to define that for me, T-Rex!
 But you'd never be happy again either! You'd probably be in this grey state of apathy for every second of the rest of your life! That doesn't sound appealing to me: always being out of sync with your friends, never knowing when to smile...
 Indeed I do!
 Actually, my friend, I would disagree! I think there are more productive uses of your time.
 Yes, I accepted it without questioning.
 That is pretty extreme!
 Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
 Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
 (Are you certain?)
 Amazing!
 Actually, I might go up north for a bit.
 Sounds great?
 Did you get anything?
 Your neighbors, apparently!
 Prohibition? Why prohi-
 Maybe they just found the right person?
 That guy was right though, T-Rex!  Puberty is more of a toggle, isn't it?  You're either pre-pubescent or pubescent - you never get to be post-pubescent.
 What are you planning - a documentary?
 I don't know - maybe they'll look fetching on you!
 Everyone knows what second base is, T-Rex! First base is significant glances across a crowded room, second is quietly holding hands, third base is eating the same strand of spaghetti and a home run is totally smooching!
 The house?  Why would a house be bothering me?
 A psychology student, I guess!  That's just because I don't really know any music students, though.
 I - I don't recognize that song.
 Maybe this isn't the best idea ever, T-Rex!
 You offend your ex-girlfriends by betraying their trust, and look like a pretty big jerk in the process?
 Well, actually, the thing you and I have is sort of-
 But T-Rex, assuming you and the lady broke up for a reason, won't these problems still be there?
 Aw, T-Rex! Now I'll have that song stuck in my head ALL DAY.
 He does not!  Buffy was a really well-written show!
 Well, what do you mean by knowledge being innate?
 Ooh, ouch.  Was that a bad pun?
  I suspect that these are all bad puns!
 Man didn't mean male?
 What do you mean, whatever? They tell you when food has gone bad. If you ignore them, you're eating expired food, and that's gross.
 Hey, what do you have against singer/poetsmith Leonard Cohen?
  I don't think it's called racism if it's against a heterogenous group like taxi drivers, T-Rex.
 What do you know about building a car out of cardboard, T-Rex?
 Yes.
 Philosophical zombies? Do you mean like a zombie Plato or Ayn Rand or something?
 Oh, the Saltine Challenge!  It's actually really hard, T-Rex.  Your mouth is going to dry out and you'll find it impossible to swallow.
 But, aren't you simply avoiding any responsibility here by transforming a personal failing into something cosmically fated?
 I could approximate some great works of fiction!
 Aw no, not this again. Come on T-Rex, passing off lyrics as conversations ONLY AMUSES YOURSELF.
  Sad? I never saw them as sad.  If anything, they represent freedom, the giddy joy of flight and exploration and the promise of a better tomorrow!
 And you find this interesting?
 Female teachers used to be called "teacheresses"? That's so bizarre!
 I'm glad you specified that, T-Rex.
 You've said that before, T-Rex.
 I'm not upset with you!  I'm just tired today.
 He "wigged out"?
 I'd love to!
 Aww, you're not all bad, T-Rex!
 Is that your sort of thing, T-Rex?
 Hah! What'd he do?
 Our current understanding of physics says what you are trying may well be impossible!
 You should do it!  Maybe even guys would kiss him, because the sign told them too!
 Do it, T-Rex!
 T-Rex, you shouldn't joke about clinical depression (major depressive disorder)!  It's not very funny.
 You're right: there's no way that could lead to anything good.
 Have you done anything to get rid of it? 
 Really? Well - good luck!
 What?
 Hey T-Rex, do you want to go see a movie with me?
 Yeah!
 Nope! I know that the word "niggardly" means miserly, and that it has a completely different etymology from any words that it might happen to sound like!
 Whoah, T-Rex! Use your indoor voice - you don't have to be so loud!
 Well, T-Rex, I think most people choose a direction they want to go in, a job they'd like to do, and then work toward it.
 Ooh! What are these secrets?
 Oh.  That's less interesting!
 Aw, T-Rex, why do you want to go back in time so much anyway? You've already been in the past; you know what it's like!
 Do you think that'll make a difference?
 It's a good thing gluttony isn't a sin!
 I'm feeling alright! I just don't understand how all this happened. How did you manage to screw up time itself? And since time and space are a continuum, wouldn't you have screwed up space itself too?
 Your idea of childhood is chasing after animals naked?
 That's pretty weird, T-Rex!
  Oh yeah?  I'M so manly that I manage my emotional output, plus I swim all the way up waterfalls!
 Oh! Why don't PROFESSION MEMBERS play hide and seek?
 Because no one will look for them!
 Explain!
 Okay, but if this is the case, why do you imagine a world for yourself in which people's ice cream cones can fall in the dirt?
 And I guess all the pain and death in the world is also just to make things more interesting?
 I don't think that's fair!
 I I'm sorry
 Is there no way I can pay you?
 They're "house parties" where anyone can show up!
 Aww, I'm sorry, T-Rex! But how do you know it's discrimination?
 Yes it does, T-Rex!
 Everything's not THAT expensive, T-Rex.
 But T-Rex, isn't the current scientific thinking that the universe will expand forever, but in doing so become a lifeless frozen expanse just above absolute zero due to increases in entropy?
 Nobody wants to be patronized to, T-Rex.
 Really, you did that? That's very unkind! Were they alright?
 Wow! If that's the case, you're better at it than me! I start to feel sick after about five.
 Hey! Careful with the cusses, Captain Cussy Pants!
 That's a terrible thing to say, T-Rex! You can't blame a BABY for crying!
 Um - do you have any evidence?
 That's so gross, T-Rex! What'd you do?
 These are all pretty boring words, T-Rex. Most are just forms of the same verb!
 You screw it up?
 What do you mean?
 Damn, guy, you shoulda realized when the Utahraptor was as big as you!
 Fine, T-Rex!
 Hah hah, no thanks!
 What do those taste like?
 Maybe I do, actually! What's this about?
 Alright! Count me in!
 Okay!
 It's a little forced!  How about symbolic for our generation's sexual politics, in ways I think are pretty clear?
 Well, no, T-Rex, because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like.
 It's not like you to respond so emotionally to something like this, T-Rex!  Why don't you just respond to their points and disprove their claims?
 You know T-Rex, you sure are using the word 'awesome' a lot.  Is your vocabulary really that limited?
 And whould faith be held to the rigors of the scientific method?
 Is that true?
 No thank you, T-Rex! I don't buy my compliments. 
 Sing the alphabet!
 Jump to the moon!
 I'm the snidely husband-to-be of just such a bored but sensual socialite: Rose! Stay away from her! Your "forbidden love" has no place in my haughty world of pretension.
 What did you have for dinner last night?
 I got that, yeah!
 How would it go disastrously wrong?
 I can and I will!  This is all in good fun, right?
 Are you - you're going trick-or-treating this year, T-Rex?
 But what about yourself? You're only here because your parents selflessly decided to have children. Your very existence is against egoism.
 Hey T-Rex, do you want to hang out on New Year's Eve?
 Yep! It's not going to be that big of a party, but I thought people might be in high demand, so I'm asking now.
  Didn't you graduate years ago?
 That's alright - I'm sure I'll survive somehow. 
 I think you are confused, T-Rex.
 Will it offend people?
 Is it a joke or a real question?
 What's up T-Rex?
 What makes PERL so special?
 You will symbolize change through repetition?
 I am filled with my "Ordinarily Cautious Doubt"
 Isn't that all you ever do anyway?
 T-Rex, you are confusing yourself with a Bill Murray character again.
 Hey T-Rex, why are you stomping that house?
 I'm a Dromiceiomimus.
 Awwww, T-Rex! Can't you just use a human trap instead of killing him?
 Actually... I have been dabbling in genetics and was wondering what a group of alleles is called.
 My favourite food is avocado sandwiches! They're fatty but teally really delicious.  I also like orange juice.
 I don't - why are you asking this?
 Didn't the grocery store have a parking lot, Morris?
 Hey, if you learn to play the piano, does that mean you'll stop stomping on things?
 I regret - well, it was in grade two, and I was just a little girl, and there was this near-deaf kid in class who had a hearing aid.  One day on the playground I walked up to him and moved my mouth like I was talking but I didn't say anything.  I just wanted to - I don't know, see if he'd be tricked or something.  He wasn't, of course, and wasn't even that upset, but all of a sudden I could see what a jerk I was being.  I don't want to be the kind of person who does that.
 That's a terrible idea, T-Rex! How will you be able to trust your results if you recorded them while high?
 I don't owe you ten sub sandwiches! Why the heck would I ever owe you ten sub sandwiches?
 Things are alright, T-Rex!
 Hah hah, sure thing!  Thanks!
 Hah, hah, too late! Looks like being T-Rexian is using unpopular and out of favour slang for no reason!
 Except for the kids who are born male.
 Is the entire script based on computer puns?
 Why don't you chews to do something else? That would be good gnus to me!
  No thanks!  I don't see why I would bid on them whe I can see you naked, for free, right now.
 T-Rex if you get a drink of water then you won't be thirsty anymore.
 What about things like EXTREME SNOWBOARDING?
 I wish for worldwide peace and love with no negative consequences!
 Vitamin B12: What is it?
 Nenu gudlu, paalu, venna tinanu.
 Aw, T-Rex, you'd be one of those guys with deliberate facial hair?
 Nightmares aren't really that great, T-Rex.  Bad things happen to people you like.
 Well, majority rule is sort of the definition of democracy, T-Rex. Not everyone can get everything they want!
 And pants?
 That probably sounds more sexually permissive than you intended, T-Rex.
 Okay! How about, "T-Rex: Better Than You Might Expect"?
 That's a pretty okay weakness to have, isn't it?
 So?
 Thank you T-Rex. You're not so bad yourself.
 Got it!
 You got sick a few months ago, remember?
 Yeah, actually that's somehting I'm not very clear on. Are we dating?
 Hey T-Rex! Maybe you could help my friend, whose husband makes her jealous because he maintains friendships with women from work.
 Another shot at immortality, T-Rex?
 It's a tragic flaw of our characters that we don't share as often, or as equally, as we should.
 Aww! That's kind of sad, T-rex. What if someone give you a so-bad-they're-good valentine, like those little ones with pictures of cars that say things like "I wheelie like you"? Would you really want to turn those down?
 Huh?
 What? I bet you read just one fantasy book and it happened to have a boring horse that talked about feelings, T-Rex.
 There's nothing bad about that, T-Rex!  It's a special experience and you could probably stand to eat better anyway!
 That seems to have many of the same limitations as Method #1!
 Remarkable?
 You're good at making friends though, T-Rex!  You're not shy!
 But - you couldn't get a job at a library, bceause you wouldn't ACTUALLY know library science.
 I don't think anyone's ever been named "Pine," T-Rex.
 I regret the first time I met someone with a thick accent: she was older than I, and we had a little trouble communicating initially, because of the accent. But as I repeated myself to her I found myself unintentionally speaking both slowly AND loudly. I only did it for a little while, and as soon as I realized it I stopped, but I still felt ashamed. I was talking to her like she was dumb, just because of the accent! I was the stereotypical ignorant racist.
 Some day all of this carnage and destruction is going to catch up with you.  Perhaps even in the unlikely form of the destruction of our universe, and its replacement with an eerily similar one.
 Sure! But this will probably need some planning.  We'll need to plan out what we want to do each day, and where, so we can maximize our adventure.  We'll need some provisions, too.
 So what's the symbolism there? Is it called "The Life Machine" or something?
 What do you mean?
 Aww, we wouldn't do that, T-Rex!  We would bury you with all the cool kids.
  T-Rex, I'm not sure if this is fair to bisexuals.
  T-Rex -
 What are you doing? You've already destroyed one universe!
 That's very apt, T-Rex.
 Here I am!
 Superman has strength!
 Whoah, T-Rex! What the heck are you doing, making jokes about sexual predators?
 That's not a very funny joke!
 So it's like a pet, but instead of being cute, it pollutes?
 T-Rex, sshhh! Keep your voice down!
 well - what form of reincarnation are you talking about here? A lot of people believe that if you're bad in this life, you might come back as a lower animal the next time, like a sucky dog or a poo bug.
 Not much!
 Okay, T-Rex.
 None that I feel comfortable telling right now!
 That is pretty sad, T-Rex! If you want some advice, my secret to making things sad has always been in filling out the background details. If the parents gave the kid the marbles BEFORE he got sick, and if this simple luxury was the last they could afford before the medical bills started coming in, that makes it more sad, I think!
 What's that, T-Rex?
 Awww!
 So they're shaped like naughty bits?
 That's nice, T-Rex!
 Man, you must really like sleeping with the window open,T-Rex!
 What symbolism? They just show that you care!
 How was that an accident?
 And - what?  You were just slapping the space around you to pass the time?
 You'd also have to deal with sexual prejudice, T-Rex!  All your bragging about your sexual prowess and "memorable lovemaking techniques" would probably make people think you're kind of slutty!
 Yes!  Some people, anyway.
 And what, screw things up? You'd probably end up stomping on the woman from which all our species are descended.
 I take it from your glum demeanor that your ill-advised foray into time-travel destroyed yet another reality?
 But "true love" doesn't mean that there's only one person you can have it with!
 Whoa, you get back pain? Mr. "I'm So Tough I Barely Miss Having Feelings?"
 Sometimes, I guess!
 What makes you think this, T-Rex?
 I think you may be doing something wrong if your kisses remind people of amniotic fluid, T-Rex!
 You COULD stop it if you had absolute dominion over time and space, T-Rex.
 Are you planning to sell these bags to people who want to turn every laundry day into a chance for arrest, AND ALSO to those nostalgic for the charming visual shorthands of early cartoons?
 I never knew that about him!
 But everyone would demand you do favours in exchange for inventory items!
 What happens?
 You can't.  It belongs to god.
 Hate?
 Um.  Boredom?
 Okay! Now I'm late for the dentist!
 Neat!
 Perhaps you'd see things clearer standing in the light of god.
 Thanksgiving?
 I'm not sure that's how pantheism works! Isn't it more like, we're all cells in the "body" of a divine universe?
 Why do you have to be kind of a jerk about it, parking ticket guy?
 I would not, T-Rex!  I would not.  I'm not triflin'!
 You don't even know what the word means!  You got it from a song.
 That was awfull. Your "music" is against gods divine plan.
 But current friends are good too, aren't they T-Rex?
 Hah! Aw! That's terrible, T-Rex!
 It seems that, once again, I have become privy to guy talk due to conversational negligence!!
 You're a good friend, T-Rex, but I'm not sure if you're the ultimate friend!  It seems to ME that the ultimate friend would come over and do my dishes for me.
 Aww!
 That's pretty crazy, T-Rex, but what about... "CHRA-HAY-ZEE"?
 I know!
 Hey T-Rex, do you want to come with me today to the Lengthy Exhibit of Items of Exclusively Female Interest?
 You totally have your own problems!
 Whoah! This dog's got breasts!
 Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
 Well I guess I'll see you there tonight, punch in hand!
 But - there's no particular flavour of Irish evil, T-Rex! It's absurd!
 Ya-huh! Save it for the judge!
 Hello! I'm Dromiceiomimus. 
 Do you know any Benjamins, T-Rex?
 WAIT! Don't you worry that other dinos will start putting you in their bad books?
 But you'd be spoiling (in the movie sense) your own life!
 What? No!!
 That's so lame!
 Have we started?
 are we to use these words in place of "bitches"?
 I will! But wouldn't building an articulated robot version of yourself that you can climb inside and control have been closer to the best thing ever?
 Aww!  I agree!
  That came up all the time?
 Boo! You suck, T-Rex!
 Thanks, T-Rex!
 Nice!
 Oh, you should, T-Rex! Then we could talk to each other!
 Yep! Well - I know Signed English, which is just English translated into hand signs. It's different from ASL, which is a true natural signed language with its own grammar!
 I bet most sewage processing plants are actually cool and don't really smell like poops, T-Rex! It would probably end up being a pretty good AND informative date.  How does waste reclamation work anyway?
 Spending it would just shift the problem onto somebody else.
 And this coloured your emotions in the morning, and whatever you thought of seemed to be a little worse because of it? I've had that too!
 I sometimes write "for your continued silence"!
 But won"#8217;t you be remembered as someone that nobody actually liked?
 I've never really been that into hips, T-Rex!
 Or a solar scientist dude!
 Everyone knows it!
 And then they're officially conscious?
 You've got a runny nose?
 Aw, you're always on about epitaphs, T-Rex! How about something new, like - instead of a sentence people remember you by, an image? Say, 10 seconds of a silent video!
 A kid in a tree, and then the tree becomes enormous, and the kid is happy about that.
 But what if I'm awesome at set design while also truly despising all aspects of set design?
 The what?
 Divorce?
 We don't feel qualified to comment!!
 I'm fine, T-Rex!
 Huh!  I guess you do seem A LITTLE unflappable.
 But - what if you broke up with them because you didn't love them anymore?
 A Batman play? What's a Batman play?
 Sorry T-Rex! NOT INTERESTED.
 POKEY WHERE SHALL WE GO ON OUR FUN ADVENTURE!!!!!!
 All you can eat?
 I'm also down with fall, T-Rex!
 You're celebrating the birthday of a fictional character?
 I might, um, feel a little weird celebrating the birthday of a fictional character, but I'll try to be there!
 Hey, have you noticed, T-Rex, how all the women's costumes for sale seem to have added the word "sexy" in front of them? I can't buy a pirate costume; the only ones for sale are "sexy pirates"! And heaven help me if I wanted to go as a nurse.
 The hospital is a medical doctor?
 I got that, yeah! It seems like it would only work on a musician who's lazy though, right? Or who's insulting you about being lazy?
 What kind of mistakes besides the toothbrush one?
 Isn't that kind of an expensive, elaborate prank, T-Rex? The worst that'll happen is he'll get cold water when he expects hot.
 Maybe he'll burn himself a little!
 You can't talk to Billy Idol that way!
 Um, sure! It's long, I guess, with lots of twists and turns, and some parts are dark so it's scarier, and everyone's screaming! Oh, and at the end, we all accidentally get chlorinated water in our eyes.
 Um, sure! It's long, I guess, with lots of twists and turns, and some parts are dark so it's scarier, and everyone's screaming! Oh, and at the end, we all accidentally get chlorinated water in our eyes.
 So science personified is a man?
 Is the whole nature/nurture debate really about assigning blame?
 Really?  So if I have, say, a papier-m?ch? pi?ata dog filled with tasty candies, your duplicator ray will make a PERFECT duplicate?
 Um.
 Um.
 Aww! T-Rex, that would be terrible. I love you
 Like "super"?
 Can this also be applied to chocolate bars?
 They're just teasing you, T-Rex! They just get a rise out of you so they keep at it.
 It does sound like it would be an evolutionary advantage.
 Why would you want to write an opera, T-Rex?
 No, I didn't! What is it? Is it so JUICY?
 Aw no, T-Rex!  Why can't you be like a regular person and only make bad decisions by mistake?  I don't get this romance you have for regret.
 Yes!  It is unfortunate that the cabin you're stepping on has such poor insulation, as to cause all the snow to melt from the roof!
 I don't get it, T-Rex.  I mean, I get that "here" sounds like "ear", but -
 Can you still send non-singing and stripping telegrams? I thought email had basically replaced them.
 I'd give up taste because smell is good to warn you of fires!
 But you step on them on purpose!  You're stepping on that house on purpose!  There's no accident.
 Yeah it just seems, I don't know... a little racist.
 Hey! You've laughed in my mouth too!
 I thought you always liked street art, T-Rex! You're always all, "Hey guys, let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads!"
 I thought you always liked street art, T-Rex! You're always all, "Hey guys, let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads!"
 I think you should resolve to be less obsessed about grammar!
 I don't know, T-Rex! I might!
 But T-Rex - photons don't have any mass, do they?  If they had mass, wouldn't that mean that walking outside on a sunny day would mean being hit with trillions of tiny bullets, reducing everything to a red, pulpy, well-lit paste?
 I feel a little funkier.
 Did you just say that my SON is hot today?
 Oh! That makes sense because I don't have a son.
 This is the desire authors have, isn't it? To say something new that is nevertheless eternal? To really touch people, to change their lives for the better using only their ideas?
 You might end up with an odd phrase or two, though, since you'd have to steer clear of all 'ing' verbs.
 So - it's a perfume called "Inspiration" and you drink it, for some reason?
 But what about important vehicles, like ambulances and so on?
 Well, thanks T-Rex, but I already have a job! Also I don't wanna hug people for money.
 T-Rex. I'm a nautical engineer.
 T-Rex, I don't mean to be inconsiderate, but shouldn't you be in bed?  You're the only person I know who goes out of his way to ANNOUNCE his sickness to the world.
 Do you want me to tell you every time you've been sick over the past year? Because I'll do it!
 "Oh yeah?  You had a cold in November."
 "And in April, your 'Kissing Fever' lasted five days before it finally broke."
 Or to burgers.
 Are you guys serious about this? I know that Everest has become touristy lately, but I didn't know they let just anyone climb it!
 I didn't!  DID I??
 Wait - that's actually correct, isn't it? The moon totally IS an old boys' club!
 PLEASE, T-Rex, play a different song.  I can hear it from here, and I've been able to hear it from here for the past 20 minutes.
 Are we still on an island?
 Who knows!
 Eww! How did that ever happen!
 Is he hot?
 T-Rex, you're my friend and I respect you, but you're not really ROMANTIC. Romance requires emotional swagger and sensitivity, but you've inured yourself to all but the most amusing of feelings, you know? You just attract through other means.
 I guess that's true for me too! Also, I'd ask you if those chicken legs made you happy.
  MAYBE YOU ARE, T-REX
 Don't people say that there's only 10 or so stories, and all narratives are just variations on these themes?
 Um, okay - boy meets girl, girl meets boy, boy meets boy, girl meets girl, boy meets... plant...
 I don"#8217;t get why you keep insisting Tuggy isn"#8217;t anthropomorphized, but you live him volition. Is he a robot tugboat or something? 
 Shouldn't they type "Spoiler Alert Alert"?
 But then what do you call someone who "doesn't just read Auto Trader for the articles"?
 But THEN what if they really like fictional Star Wars pilots?
 Some people celebrate "Pi Approximation Day" on July 22nd, which is 22/7.
 But I believe it is wrong! Which of us is right?
 Just like Oliver Brackenbury!!
 But what about foreshadowing? Denouement? SYNECDOCHE?
 Aww!  You want kids, T-Rex?  They'd be cute!
 No T-Rex, nobody owes me money!  I keep money and friendship separate.
 That IS a good tip!
 You can transform complex carbohydrates into kinetic energy.
 Perhaps they're imagining different things, but whenever anyone imagines you, they also imagine you up a whole universe, history, and consistent sense of self!
 That's a little disrespectful, plus, that don't hunger for living flesh.
 That is, I think, even more disrespectful.
 What are the symptoms beyond that?
 Creepy!
 Sure!
 Yikes!
 Actually T-Rex, that's not really true, and plus that's not really a fair comparison.  Dancing is something you do in response to music!  There are lots of paintings, films and plays that really ARE about your response to them.
 Those are all plagiarized song lyrics! Except for "but", but there's probably a song called "But".
 No thanks! Besides, there's nobody else here... how would you show me one? Were you just going to make out with yourself?
 Eww!
 Well, have you asked him to stop, T-Rex?
 Can I walk on your carpets?
 Aww, thank you T-Rex! Are you coming out tonight?
 Was the food good?
 I guess!  I know I'd like to get married someday.
 What made him so jerky, T-Rex? His haircut?
 T-Rex, you look like Godzilla now.
 Turn around. Show me your butt. I bet it looks very much like I imagine Godzilla's butt would look.
 Also, YOU can shoot lasers with your eyes.