 oh hello there t-rex! it's super nice to see a friendly face today
 aw shucks t-rex, you're a real good friend, you know that? a real good friend. anyway, you should be extra careful not to eat me today or anything because i guess i got turned into a zombie last night! today has definitely had its share of challenges for me, huh
 yeah! and i dunno what i did wrong because i went to bed like normal last night but when i woke up in the morning i had zombie disease! so it was real embarrassing
but don't worry, i'm not going to turn you guys into zombies too! i wouldn't be a very good friend if i did that, and the book i got at the centre says that being a good friend is awful important!
i always try to be a good friend, even though things pretty often don't work out very well for me in the end
 aw, that probably just means i've messed up somewhere again. the problem is that i'm not real good at biting people, you know? and biting people is all zombies do! i didn't know, but being a zombie is an awful hassle
 you mean i'm doing that wrong too? oh goodness, i must be the worst zombie going. plus that book i got from the centre is way overdue! 
 but i promised the staff there that i'd be extra certain to return it on time! 
 i guess i'm probably off your christmas card list this year, huh t-rex
 hey there t-rex, how are you doin'? it's me, morris
 oh i'm fine, t-rex, it's very nice of you to ask
 only to tell you the truth i'm not all that fine because i've been under a lot of stress lately!
 oh, gosh, yes, i didn't even think things could get so stressful, but then they did! like for example i'm worried about how i'm ever gonna make friends when i get older. when you're just a kid, you've got people in your classes to hang out with and the best part is, every year you've got new classes and that means a heck of a lot of new friends! but when you're an adult you've got a job instead of class, and people don't normally change jobs every year from what i've seen, so maybe i'm wrong but it seems like if your old friends move away and you're not friends with the folks at work, then it might be awful hard to make new friends!
 but doesn't it worry you fellas to have problems waiting for you like that?
 if i have a problem, my parents and role models always tell me that it's best to face it head on, rather than ignoring it and hoping it'll get better all on its own! because sometimes, that doesn't happen, and then you've got an even bigger problem to deal with! and that's just the worst
 shucks utahraptor, that's awful good advice, but wouldn't you end up liking your free time but then feeling bad taht you have to spend the biggest part of your day with folks that aren't even your friends? and it really doesn't seem like you're allowed to ask how friendly folks are during a job interview
 oh gosh, t-rex
 don't i know it
 yeah but i don't know a lot of things like this one time i wasn't too good at sports so i had to be a timekeeper but i wasn't too good at that either even though i tried super hard
 gosh i'm pleased to meet you, t-rex!  and yes, in answer to your question it was a real challenge for me today.  i tried to park my car by the grocery store so i could buy some groceries but then i couldn't find where the parking meters were and i looked everywhere and finally i asked some people to help but none of them knew where the parking meters were either!  so it was real confusing
 yeah but i didn't fine that out till afterwards and i'd already made an awful embarrassment of myself by asking everyone where the meters were!  sometimes i get a little confused is all
 well, i dunn because i got so flustered from my mistake that i ended up just going home, empty-handed
 shucks, i've never met so many people before all in one day!  i'm morris and i'm just a little bug who tries real hard
 that's awful nice but it turned out that bugs don't even shop at the grocery store!  i must have gotten myself mixed up with a show i saw or a movie or something because we catch our food ourselves
 no, i'm just here to get out of my house a little plus i wrote my address on my wrist but i must have written it in smudgey ink or something cause all i see now are smudges!  i've probably made a big mess of things again - i can just tell.
 oh shucks i dunno t-rex i think that maybe one bible is just enough for me, since i never even read the first one! i tried really hard twice, two times, but the words were so big and i was so small and i thought "how am i gonna get all those big words into my head?" so it was real confusing, a real pickle, you know?  but then my mom came home and it turned out that i didn't even have a bible! i had a cookbook under my pillow the whole time, and all i memorized was how to cook professional enchiladas
 booooooo