 WAIT!
 Is stomping really the answer to your problem(s)?
 I'm behind you.
 Who's there?
*sigh* Utah who?
 Do you even listen to yourself?
 Thanks for choosing me, T-Rex!
 Let's do that again sometime!
 Thanks for choosing me, T-Rex!
 Let's do that again sometime!
 So you're going for recordbook immortality?
 I guess, if that's how you want to spend your life.
 But - why is he all cheezed at her?
  I didn't forget how to talk!  I just forgot how to shoot down your idea politely!
 That's stupid! It's semantically overloading practical actions.
 Aw no, no, you don't -
 That's stupid! It's semantically overloading practical actions.
 Aw no, no, you don't -
 Or maybe if they were selling well, you wouldn't know it yet!
 Maybe?
 Nice!
 It can be hard for the homeless to get jobs when they can't provide callback information, so this will be a useful service. Good show, T-Rex!
 So what's the problem, besides your unnecessary storytelling?
 I agree!
 Yeah! You can't have thinking in a vacuum, so SOMETHING must exist if there's thinking going on...
 Not much to talk about today, huh?
 It's just, YESTERDAY you had some neat ideas about knowledge and existence, and today you're all "here are some things that don't fit in my big ol' mouth" and your TOTALLY LYING about trying them; I can tell.
 I don't see how!
 Ah, that makes perfect sense! Thanks, T-Rex! Now I know how digital timers work.
 What?
 She usually is!
 You'll have to wear them every day, so maybe you'll, um, want to see how they look before you commit?
 Wait, aren't you missing one?
 "Onanistic"?
 Hey, how come we never get to meet your rock star friends?
 Are you ASHAMED of us, T-Rex?
 I like rocking!
Utahraptor [offscreen]: No! You're being a jerk!
 You're dancing around the REAL threat here, T-Rex: ZOMBIE MOSQUITOES.
 I guess we can only hope that the insect kingdom never becomes zombified?
 Aw, Morris! You don't look very undead to me!
 I'm pretty sure you're not actually undead, Morris! Normally zombies can't talk. 
 And that makes you irrationally jealous?
 I guess!
 And totally self aggrandizing.
 I would have thought you'd choose something closer to "And THAT'S why they call me the widowmaker".
 It sounds a little like there's a bunch of female cannibals eating you.
 So, I guess we're not that into the "worst sentence ever" thing?
 That's not bad! That's immortality for the self-centered!
 So if you have Bond getting gadgets that he doesn't use, that's not Chekhov's Gun?
 I'd like to see your Bond movie.
 But let me guess: there's one big company you really like?
 When multinationals do well, I usually feel like that's bad news for me.
 Yes!
 Huh? Oh, no - I was just saying "Yes!" because I was remembering how I felt this morning when I found my keys!
 Yeah, I thought the were lost!
 But I found them!
 They were on top of the fridge!
  This meat is extremely delicious!
 Never have I tasted the flesh of SO MANY animals in so short a time period.
 Next time, I guess!
 What would you do with your wishes?
 Wow, that's an unexpectedly mature response. I figured you'd wish for "happy women with steaks" or something!
 Hey, T-Rex! I heard that a friend of yours won the lottery and became ultra rich!
 Oh.
 But that alters the image, dear friend!
 It's too bad we don't have any secret messages to send.
 Wow, that sounds like my kind of story!  What happens next?
 Nice!
 Yeah, I'm with Dromiceiomimus on this one! "Deci" is right there in the word, dude.
 Um - a dilemma is for two choices: you had a trilemma there. Precision!
 So what happened?
 Aww!
 In some ways it's naive for you to think that everyone would like this woman, but in another way it's really romantic, you know? You thought she was, objectively, the best girl ever.
 Turn to panel five!
 To explore your feelings, turn to panel 6.
 Hey, T-Rex, can I borrow - oh God! What happened?!
 I'm talking to you from over here because you're smelly, T-Rex. I'm saying this as your friend. You smell like there was an explosion at the onion factory, and you were caught at ground zero.
 Now I'm way over here because I can ACTUALLY SEE stink lines coning off of you. There are little cartoon fish skeletons between the stink lines. You know what they're whispering in my ear, T-Rex?
 "There IS NO GOD"
 Like what?
 Neat!
 Hi, T-Rex!
 Depends. Have you ever called me "lovely" before?
 Oh, that's easy then. You're coming on to me.
 Hey, have you ever gotten emails from people who do that with EMOTICONS?
 Me neither!
 Indeed!
 The moon's gravity pulls the oceans towards itself, causing tides.  But the Earth is rotating relatively fast, dragging against this water, which, hey presto, slows down its rotation!  Days get about 1.7 ms longer every century.
 So why'd you stop?
 Why'd you stop? I bet this game would be even more fun as an adult, since way more things have changed since you were a kid. In fact, I might play it myself!
 I propose a pork roast!
 I think you should cook. It's healthier!
 Turn to panel 5.
 What? No!
 weiners
 i like to party
 What's pretty neat?
 Ah, the "big rip" theory. Yeah, it's a newer one but pretty interesting to consider. We've still got over 20 BILION years before it'll happen though!
 Hooray!
 Hooray for her coming back, not hooray for you stepping on a tiny woman to express excitement.
 And there's bases that go higher, too!
 What happened?
 Well...
 What was?!
 The Dromiceiomimus? No way! I thought she broke it off with you, like, three years ago!
 Neat! Are there other slang words that have an origin in technical writing?
 I find that hard to believe!
 But T-Rex!
 Um... but - uh, how can you afford that?  Bikes aren't free.
 Are you coming up with horse names?
 NORMALLY, they're limited to eighteen characters. So you'll have to stick with names like Enuf Tequila Horse, Hoof Hearted, Yoshi : The Horse, Horseback Mountain, and Robohorse.
 HTTP error code jokes? Seriously?
 None of these are going to be funny.
 Not at all!
 Things like bronze statues and plastic figurines would probably survive for millions of years, especially if they were buried or underwater.  Unless... you don't consider statuary to be art?
 You want to hear music from before the invention of recorded sound! Nice.
 But T-Rex, there's a huge number of societal and cultural factors to consider. For example, people SANG over music, and it's not that big a step from rap. I'm sure there where people experimenting in that direction throughout history, and it just didn't catch on for a variety of reasons.
 So what's this specific breed of nostalgia called?
 But "proto" implies "before" - couldn't there be a better name for this?
 Man, Chuck Norris did it already!
 Chuck Norris! You can't tell me that you've been oblivious to the whole "Check never cries because he's THAT MANLY" thing. I KNOW you were on the internet 6 months ago.
 You want to help these guys out?
 But you're not.
 I think Chuckles would know that!
 Too bad for him!
 Trouble in paradise?
 Why is that bothering you? You've never cared what I think, you inconsistent bastard!
 I have hope for you, my friend!
 Yeah!  You were down because you've got this impossible fetish, but it turns out the second law of thermodynamics is one of the few STATISTICAL laws of physics - which means it's not actually impossible for an egg to randomly descramble itself for a while!  It's just FANTASTICALLY unlikely.
 What are you reciting, T-Rex?
 Of course!
 Hey, what are you thinking about?
 Are you sure?
 ...Okay.
 It's just - you seem distracted!
 They're terrible!
 They're like - joke ideas for erotica.  Nobodies going to read corporate erotica, which was the idea you were imagining yesterday.  You explained it to me afterwords and that's how come I know about it now.
 And that means they believe they've been replaced by a duplicate?
 It's probably really terrifying and frustrating that nobody is willing to believe you.
 So you don't drink to excess!  Hooray!
 Look, if you want to get drunk, just drink more.  It's not that great.
  I get it!
  What is it?
 Man, I wish you'd adopt MY chatting style, both style-wise AND content-wise!
 T-Rex, I'm always, "Hey, here I am ready to intelligently discuss the Issues of the Day" and you're all "d00d what's for breakfast?? :OOO!".
 T-Rex! You totally ripped me off!!
 YES YOU DID. Baby Utah is CLEARLY based on me, and it's not even a flattering likeness. "I made a baby barfie"? I don't even talk like that! Babies don't even talk like that!!
 Well, I guess the fact that you DON'T still know any Beths is actually our... BETH case scenario?
 I sure did! It's really easy to steal because you just use "Beth" where you'd otherwise use "best".
 What's this I hear about tea with a certain Dromiceiomimian friend of ours?!
 Didn't you two have tea yesterday?
 And...?
 You're telling that story again?
 Yeah, but T-Rex, it's not a flattering story! When people look at your lips they might start to think "mouse guts" instead, and then they won't want to kiss you anymore.
 Yeah, or what if one of us is dead?
 I get the sentiment, but I think it's a better idea on paper than realized.  In real life, even if we survive, we'll end up weighing the cost of a plane ticket against a decade-old pact made for no real reason!
 Who are you talking to, T-Rex?
 Well, good luck!
 But you don't even go to school! "Back to school" season has zero effect on your life.
 You were a part of that, when you were YOUNGER. Now you're old and your role is to tease kids about going back to school. Old guys jokes like "Back to PRISON, eh?" are your new milieu!
 Only old guys would put "hanging out" in finger quotes, T-REX.
 Make it something sexual, T-Rex!
 It'll be hilarious for all us non-Jennifers!  Make it mean kissing someone on the nose and then blowing into the nostrils.
 T-rex? Hey, T-Rex!
 There are no active De Lorean dealerships.
 On account of your many feelings?
 Give it time!
 For what?
 Seriously?
 So what's your story? You need a story beyond your premise.
 And then he gets shot by a random criminal!
 Batman's not real, T-Rex! I can't believe I'm saying this.
 No, I didn't. I saw you say "you can't do that to Batman" and then say "I know! I know!!" and then I though "It's a good thing you're not easily embarrassed, Utahraptor. You're a good guy for not being easily embarrassed."
 You played "Scrabble" without me?!
 Was this before or after the dinosaur sex?
 Hey, are we writing "thanks for the sex" cards?
 Hey sweetie / that sex was neat / although we weren't / exactly discreet.
 That one's accurate!
 Did you seriously say you wanted that as your epitaph?
 Okay.
 Okay, but the point of this card is that the recipient doesn't know the sender!
 whatisherdeal@irepeatwhat-is-her-deal.com.
 One day when you are older you will wish you had set your sights a little higher.
 So your idea of happiness is lowered expectations?
 What?
 Okay, I'm gonna need some proof for that.
 Okay, how do I reverse entropy?
 Okay.
 But before you do that, T-Rex, you should consider your investment goals!
 Seriously! This is important. You need to decide: what do you want out of your investments? Security? Rapid growth?
 Nobody's arguing that!
 But what have you done LATELY? I actually think that maybe you coast a bit on your past successes, T-Rex.
 How much shrinkage are we talking about here?
 Yeah, but how tin-
 And now, all the dodos are dead!
 Yep! It's too bad.
 Igloos?
 That's a cultural stereotype T-Rex.
 T-Rex, aren't you being - ah, kind of racist?
 It's just - every time you mention that you love Mr. Tusks, you mention that he's a tiny elephant.  You treat his tiny elephant status as if it sums up his entire personality!
 So wait - can an act then be considered immoral, but still ethical?
 We could find out more at our local library!
 Sensitive dependence on initial conditions! It's chaos theory applied to personalities, right?
Okay, some issues off just the top of my head: you haven't proven your assumption of control (conscious or otherwise) over personality, you seem to assume that babies are born as a blank slate with no initial personality, you leave the idea of "personality" pretty ill defined for something so central to your argument, and you haven't shown that altering behaviour (viz., Resolutions) is the same as altering personality.
 Is there any reason why you're only doing outdated 80s slang?
 But what's the narrative? You can't just have two people chasing each other.
 Ah, the famous "Twin Earth" thought experiment of Hilary Putnam!
 Yeah, only his example was about water having a different composition on Twin Earth, instead of those hauntingly stupid chocochops you invented.  The point is that both thinkers have the exact same mental state but are saying different things, and the environment is responsible for meaning there.
 Don't you respect vegetarians?
 Hey, did you vote?
 Quit stomping on people!
 Fine then, I'm going to get a job as a T-Rex hunter.
 Shooting T-Rexes will be part of MY job!
  But how does anyone know what's true?
  Come on, T-Rex, you know better!  Science is about being empirically ACCURATE, which might not be the same thing as being true.  Plus your senses could be lying to you, you could be a brain in a jar, etc..   If you're going to be verificationist, you're going to need a pretty impregnable definition of "truth".
  You can verify the science thing!
 What about fascist truth, where something is true because those with power say it's true?
 You're not going to get it!  There's like 20 trillion theories, but no facts.
 Or so you think, T-Rex!
 When our mathematical assumptions APPEAR to match up with reality, the results may also seem to apply - but math isn't any more "true" because of that! It's still based on unproven/unprovable assumptions. And you can actually build up systems where you decide that 1+2 does not equal 2+1, and they're just as consistent!
 Hey, your birthday really is this Saturday!
 I hear you!
 But these ideas won't be scary for passers-by!
 They need explanation!  The best scares are like the best art, where you get it viscerally, without a little placard beneath it that says "OKAY.  SO.  WHAT'S GOING ON HERE IS ALZHEIMER'S."
 Aww, T-Rex!  It'll be okay!
 Yep!
 Or, knowing that no matter what, you're NEVER going to win the lottery!
 Okay - um, NO MATTER WHAT, one day you're going to... eat a whole pif?
 "Don't you think you should have settled while you were ahead?"
 $6000 for a plastic skeleton?
 Not if you chemically touch it up. It should withstand scrutiny long enough to make the news!
 And in mine?
 'Kay!
 I'm not a woman!
 My apologies.
 WHAT?!
 You lost the baby you were supposed to take care of?
 Oh my god!
 You're screwed!
 So what happened then?
 Wow!  It recasts Western military culture and tools as religious practice and iconography, respectively!
 I'm feeling it right now too, and I don't even watch nerd shows!!
 That's a terrible idea!
 It doesn't even make sense. If you carbonate a solid the best you're gonna get is a solid with carbon dioxide bubbles in it. And if you've done that you've probably come up with Swiss cheese, so upon closer inspection I think this is a great idea as I would actually like some Swiss cheese, please.
 I don't know, T-Rex! Why DON'T bats live alone?
 Bats are nocturnal mammals who can hang upside down while resting.
 But are there really a lot of these words?
 Okay.
 And both "dust"s are the same part of speech there, too, so you can't use word order to determine meaning!
 How come you love words that make communication difficult?
 Hey buddy!
 What book?
 It wasn't me, man!  Let me see.  Maybe there's a club to who really did it.
 All I've got to show for the past week is a kick-ass scar!
 I got it when I fell rocket skating after hang-gliding off a mountain and landing in waiting rocket skates! I hit a bump after a few kilometers.
 And then you thought how prejudiced that was?
 Pretty ridiculous?
 Did you give the guy anything?
 You and the Dromiceiomimus had dinosaur sex?! 
 And you played Scrabble without me? 
 Hey, have you noticed how our proverbs are - a little awkward?
 It's like they're all poorly-phrased versions of things that could be condensed down. Like, "You are what you ingest, figuratively, and, in a sense, literally!"  It's just weird.
 So you were That Guy at the restaurant!
 Oh man!
 Aw, T-Rex, come on.  Why would a "by-the-books" cop team up with a criminal?
 But he's by the books!  I don't think there's anything in the "books" about deputizing criminals to go after other criminals.  Why wouldn't he just interrogate him to get the information he needs?
 And now, Italian food is basically defined by the tomato!
 And they were SO GOOD, they supplemented or replaced existing cultural dishes!
 Except it's unlikely that we'd be vulnerable to their diseases.
 Or maybe they'll look like us, but, you know, ten times sexier.  Everyone on Earth will feel bad about their bodies for the rest of time!
 Writing more erotica, I see!
 It's written in the second person?
 Wow, so people really liked it! You're a celebrity!
 I mean, and don't take this the wrong way, but I thought your erotica was pretty terrible! But I'm realizing I was approaching it expecting, you know, naughty tales, but your audience must have found something else they liked there!
 My photo album, I guess?
 Aw, T-Rex!  I don't want to just tell you to buy me something.
 Me too!
 I'm frustrated at my bank because they're all a bunch of sucker chumps! What are you frustrated at?
 Man, I hear that!
 So you don't want to see marine life when someone says "a whale of a good time"? 
 Well -- good luck!
 I've got one!
 Never lose a baby, because if you do, you might be forced to pay for the loss with one of your own babies!
 So what's the lesson here, T-Rex?
 I don't get why you're so interested in this!
 But penguins are so cute!
 I'm uh, I'm still not really solid on what the elixir does.
 Yeah, I get that! So, what: the mental strength, self-confidence and I guess time-management skills intrinsic to having twenty girlfriends?
 I don't see why you're making fun of Doug!
 So, whatever! He talks like he's a 1920s serial villain. We all have idiolects. For example, you're a man who says "dude" and "awsome" in places where he could instead simply say "chap" and "I say, that's quite agreeable."
 Maybe you should though.
 This - you know this is a terrible idea, right?
 Issues! You're building a robotic punching machine that can punch a whole room of people at once! What if the elderly were in the audience? What if it was calibrated wrong and punched through a guy?
 Are you serious? You're serious about this?
 Then count me in too. I've always kinda wanted to try that, and even if we bomb, it will at least be fun!
 T-Rex, come on, this is ultra dumb.
 And then he'd eat a chocolate?
 But everyone wanted to be an astronaut!
 Hah! You wanted that?
 Come on, this is all the same joke!
 Okay, I think I get it!
 Pride and Friggin' Prejudice.
 Look Who's Friggin' Talking!
 FRIGGIN' THE GHOSTBUSTERS!
 My relationships are fine too!
 WELL, I've been seeing this new guy, and it's nice.  We went out to a movie last night and he held my hand when the lights went down.  It was classy!  And things are good with you?
 That may actually be the case!
 Yeah, early Western entrepreneurs tried to duplicate the successful Chinese snake oil they saw, but it failed to recognize the reason it had SOME effect was Chinese water snakes are high in eicosapentaenic acid, an anti inflammatory agent! Western snakes aren't, and so their medicine didn't work.
 But they sold it anyway, often as a universal panacea!
 You own a couch?!
 Can I come over and see it sometime?
 IT WAS A STYLISTIC CHOICE!
 Pleonasms have legitimate uses! For example, if I wasn't sure my audience (YOU, T-Rex) would know what "panacea" meant, I might use a similar word, allowing you to deduce some of my semantics without needing an explanation.
 You know what? FINE.
 So, what?  You've got a paradox!
 It's a paradox!  Those are what happen when you travel through time.
 Got any other body complaints?
 Four is the worst?
Utahraptor (off-screen): Okay! I'm done with this conversation.
 Literally?
 Ug. Here, look: "T-Rex, that certainly took a long time and I didn't enjoy it at all."
 Hah!
 That's what S-
 That is without exaggeration, T-Rex, the weakest comment on climate change that I have ever heard, or am ever likely to hear!
 You've distilled an important issue down to "something might be happening I dunno, maybe??" Also, you don't even mention human influence on the climate, which is a serious concern!
 There's still time!
 - you for your very thoughtful present, T-Rex! It was fantastic. Just what I wanted, but never knew I needed! And it reflects both my AND your personalities perfectly.
 You know! The re-
 That would be a good task for the new year, yes.
 Okay, T-Rex!
 All you're doing is talking about delicious punch. Why not just go get some?
 Okay then!
 Aw man, this is all the same joke!
 Snyes, it it. It's the same snow joke over and over, and anyone could do it, and it's not funny!
 The deal is that they're building a family and propagating the species!
 "What's the deal?"
 So your story is Hamlet only with explosions instead of punctuation.
 Do the characters even react to the explosions at all?
 What are you doing?!
 Wow, you must have a lot of stomping to do.
 Okay, so let's hear your real "stories for women" then!
 Hah hah hah! "Take baths and hug"?
 And so this is your ultimate story for kids?
 Why not focus on either babies OR children? That way you don't have to cater to both the "words are hard" and the "these early stages of puberty unsettle us all" demographics.
 I'm coming! But only because I need a mallet too.
 FINE. That's why I'm coming.
 Was the rap directed at you, T-Rex? Were you being "rap serenaded"?
 What was he rapping about?
 What's going on?
 Uh, no.
 Are you alright?
 Do me!
 Blind people!
Utahraptor (thinking): skin flavoured jello
 Sure do what?
 What? what colur? The colour of my skin? You're saying you like the colour of my skin?
 What if you're out of jokes, T-Rex?
 Yeah, what if you were born with a set number of funny jokes, and now you've used them all up?
 T-Rex, I have big news!
 Love AND sex.
 It never is, with you!
 Seriously?  You're seriously arguing this old idea.
 But T-Rex, think of all the stories in which the characters are running around in a realistic universe, unaware that they're fictional!  DUDE!  It's overwhelmingly likely that WE'RE in a story right now!
 That's your theory, stripped of it's trendy technology.
 You're picking apart the science of ghost senses, but accept the fact of their invisibility?
 But our friend Zach is a ghost, and he's not blind OR deaf!
 Seems like a pretty painful way to go through life!
 What about Cassandra, prescient but cursed so that nobody believes her?
 Woo hoo!
 Did I just hear you say
 Heck, I'm not busy. Let's go right now!
 T-Rex, this is a very terrible idea.
 Nope, it's terrible. Why not forget about t-butyl mercaptan and instead get your hands on some cadaverine and putrescine, which are the organic compounds responsible for how a corpse smells? It's a much more hilarious joke!
 What actually happened to the town?
 Sure!
 It's okay, I guess. It's mostly just a bunch of crappy buildings!
 Don't even what?
 But why all the subterfuge?
 So if you scream, they suspect bad-times peritonitis.
 Your formula is "Customers VERB1 what they VERB2, but they VERB2 what they VERB1", for all transitive verbs, right?
 Oh, yeah?  What about colonists?
 Zookeepers!
 Nurses?
 What's the matter?
 I can imagine!
 I am Captain Renault!  I'm a corrupt French official but I'm totally likeable.
 Seriously!  We're these two great dudes who get all the film's best lines.  Why don't we hang out more?
 "Here's looking at you, kid!"
 Aw, come on, it's not that bad!
 What?
 You're hoping that in alternate universes, you'll get alternate versions of Hamlet!
 New ideas and themes from the Bard WOULD really be something!
 I'm having a similar problem with my MP3 player! It keeps losing my playlist and I have no idea why.
 Come on, any sufficiently-advanced ANYTHING will be indistinguishable from magic.
 Huh? What?
 But I can't hear him! It'd be a pointless discussion.
 So you were dating the singing frog from Warner Brothers?
 I don't get it. She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances, but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to? Is that the story?
 So you were dating the singing frog from Warner Brothers?
 I don't get it. She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances, but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to? Is that the story?
 T-Rex!
 Hey, T-Rex!
 I got you a chocolate
 You're welcome!
 I actually know a woman who has synesthesia, T-Rex!
 You are, but it's okay, she's into it too!  She loves it, actually.  I'll give you her number!
 So what are you going to do?
 I see.
 Hey T-Rex, do you want to go swimming this evening with me and some friends?
 T-Rex?
 What the heck, T-Rex?  I invite you out a'swimmin, and you get a far-away look in your eyes and walk away?
 Hey, I forgot to tell you my big news the other day!
 I got a part in the new play down at the community centre!
 Guess what?
 I play "Science"!
 Actually, T-Rex, there's been a few stories written on that theme: Asimov and Clarke both wrote one!
 The technology means the end of all privacy, but also the end of most violent crime...
 My friend, if you're going to be doing that much kissing, you'd better brush up a bit on it!
 I'm serious! If you kiss someone and it's a sucky kiss, that just escalates the awkward moment!  And I don't mean to brag, but I'm a pretty great kisser.  One time I kissed a guy and he said, UNSOLICITED, that it was the best kiss he'd ever had.
 So it's like a reverse Segway, only the computer controls speed by moving the ground, instead of the wheels.
 And hey, if you fall, you'll be whipped backwards at the speed you were travelling at!
 But you're describing a virtual infinite hill.  The treadmill will eventually have to be moving at terminal velocity!
 I just -
 - wouldn't be enough!
 The treadmill speeds up to match the board's forward momentum, right? But if you've got impossibly perfect bearings, that's just going to make the wheels go faster while the board still slides down. So it's just the friction in the bearings that can keep you in place, and at the levels we're talking about, your wheels would melt first!
 Both of these seem like pretty expensive solutions!
 Ha, no way!
 T-Rex!
 This is crazy!  You can't just pluck an emotion out of the psyche, and we don't have technology that even approaches this.  When did you ever think you were going to do this?
 But do you really have a resume that says that stuff?
 And it works?
 You really think people want to ride around on a platforming horse as Richard the Third?
 So, what, the ice level is called "Winter of Discontent"?
 This is just a picture of Richard the Third's head on Duke Nukem's body.
 Programming's a skill!
 You've got to learn to crawl before you can run, T-Rex.
 Why not just give it away?
 But how?
  But your "gift" of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you!
  You achieve peace only through a sort of "giving up" of your own free will, by either deciding that the world is as God intended, or, alternatively, that He will be the one to fix it, using you as his "tools"!  Isn't this mere escapism, a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility?
  But your "gift" of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you!
  You achieve peace only through a sort of "giving up" of your own free will, by either deciding that the world is as God intended, or, alternatively, that He will be the one to fix it, using you as his "tools"!  Isn't this mere escapism, a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility?
 Give it to a museum, T-Rex! They'll take it!
 Right, and you could probably find history teachers to take the more common artifacts!
 Whoah, hold the front page! T-Rex is fetishizing the other!
 You totally are! You never have a middle ground: it's always "oh, it's not for me" or "oh WOW this thing I don't have is so AMAZING how can this be so AWESOME?"
 I dunno - I still think you fetishize the other, T-Rex! What do you think, Mr. Tusks?
 T-Rex, this is BORING. Let's talk about something interesting, like the vacuum robot I bought!
 Yes!
 The power failure goes worldwide?
 And let me guess: at the end the Earth explodes?
 The next sequel could be a road trip movie!
 I like it! Dozens of sequels, all revolving around the same story!
 Does he succeed?
 How?
 It's an interesting conflict in the guy: record the Indian before they "die out", but already know what you want to see.
 Only if we're RACIST, T-Rex.
 The narrator denies any personal liability, saying love justifies these actions.
 They're talking to a GIRL, T-Rex, not each other!
 They address later lyrics to "baby"!
 Is that what we do now?  Just shift songs into different formats?
 I just was hoping to hear more about you and your life right now, you know?  How'd that Nazi Pin thing work out for you?
 Me!  I do.
 I do!  I do!
 T-Rex! There's a store downtown with a help wanted sign up!
 Don't you remember how you wanted to see that cartoon thing in real life? Now's your chance!
 Well, if it isn't Religion! Out crushing the life of some poor woman under its trusty patriarchal foot, I see!
 Oh, an you can?
 So why are we here?
 Ridiculous! You confuse actors and the characters they play as much as any of us. 
 You totally like actors if you like their characters, and vice versa. Come on, follow me. I'll prove it.
 T-Rex, there's Ben Affleck. Do you have anything to say to him?
 Why haven't you cured cancer yet, T-Rex? What is the friggin' hold up?
 I don't know what to tell you, my friend!
 Into the 'bows, I see!
 Is it the curve of the bums that you like, or is it the wide plain of flesh?
 But they always operate as a group, right? There's really only one ninja team, singular.
 What - 
 These ideas aren't actually that bad!  I think tattoos should be ridiculous.
 Moms like that, right?
 Seriously, what are you talking about?
 Yeah, I'm sorry too, man, but I'm out.
 We've tried to make allowances for you, but it's just so impossible to be your friend.  I don't even know what you're thinking right now!  Everything you say is like this impossible linguistic Rorschach test.
 Does that mean you understand me?  How am I to know?
 This sounds like a battery problem, T-Rex!
 But the issue is that batteries are hard to design: you want to store large amounts of energy for cheap, but you also don't want them to, you know, explode. It's tricky!
 It's the best!
 I celebrate it too. In fact, I'm pretty sure everyone celebrates it! There's a big "Act Like A Dromiceiomimus" party at city hall tonight.
 They've closed off Main Street so that people can act like Dromiceiomimuses there! It's gonna be awesome!
 You're not alone in that!
 Hah!  Okay, it's a deal!
 I know where you could find a beach ball!
 Ha ha, I was just pulling your leg. I don't actually care for beach balls.
 Or you, for that matter!
 I know where you could find a beach ball!
 Ha ha, I was just pulling your leg. I don't actually care for beach balls.
 Or you, for that matter!
 Oh yeah? You know what Religion's problem is?
 T-REX
 WHY ARE WE TALKING LIKE THIS T-REX
 RIGHT ON I AM GOING TO BE LATE FOR WORK
 I WAS GOING TO BE ON TIME FOR WORK BUT THEN I FORGOT HOW THIS IS A PRIORITY
 He even knows everything about VIDEO GAMES, T-Rex.
 Hey.  That was a lot of acronyms there.
 Still - pretty bad!
 Instead of looking for dates, you could scour your memories for missed romantic opportunities!
 I did not!
 Too bad you're heterosexual, huh?
 This still sounds like an elaborate excuse for plagiarisms!
 Yeah. It was funny when Seinfeld said it a decade ago!
 Oh my God, mine do too!
 How so?
 Um - pretty sure there are others!
 And FINALLY, you could just have the narration mention the fact that Batman's Australian, and leave it at that. You don't need to rely on pseudoracist sterotypes!
 "I'm figuratively bored to death"?
 But do you really want a world where people hasten to clarify their metaphors and linguistic flourishes?
 T-REX'S IDEAL WORLD: Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, "Figuratively, this was their finest hour."
 Me too!
 Don't tell me you're planning to become prematurely old.
 I'm not your boy.
 You're creeping me out. IT DOESN'T WORK IF YOU'RE NOT OLD.
 Wan to help me move in to my new apartment?
 Um, you're not supposed to speak during tableau, T-Rex!
 It's motionless AND silent. Interestingly enough, it was favored by early art photographers, as they already needed their subjects to stay motionless for minutes at a time.
 So let's hear these tips then!
 Man, I just added "very" in front of my adjectives!
 Of course! It was a great way to extend the length of my essay, AND it made my points more emphatic. "Trees are tall and pretty" became "Trees are very tall and very very pretty. Verily!"
 Only in essays, my friend! Only in essays.
 I think maybe there are other options!
 Now do "Somewhere Over The Rainbow"!
 Hilarious!  It makes me want to buy a Sara-Lee branded cherry pie.
 It sounds like he's a pretty unsettling character!
 How does he deal with it?
 Such as?
 I don't know what to tell you, man!
  But you can't catch an inherited disease.  You're just egging on hypochondriacs!
  The gene required for it has been found in, what, less than 30 families WORLDWIDE?  They're more likely to be struck by lightning, or hit by a car, or, I don't know, punched by a sheep or something.
  They'll learn if you don't stop goading hypochondriacs.
  Hey, I wanted to try stand-up, too!
  Comedy's hard, I guess.
 Huh?
 That's kinda evil, isn't it? I thought he was, you know, more Aspergers than adversary.
 T-Rex!
 I'm concerned that the plot to your novel seems a little familiar.
 I do!
 You really can't get past your opinion on dreams?
 I mean, I agree with you, but I can still accept dreams as a narrative device.
 "Genghis II punched Romeo IV on the nose." doesn't sound like good drama!
 Man, passers by always take your side!  It's ridiculous!
 Listen, I'll talk to you later.
 I think it's supposed to be taken in a "his suffering is over" sort of way.
 It was a little confusing!  You need a partner for a three legged race, but you can easily go through life profoundly alone.
 Wow, you hate people who appreciate culture but who can't afford expensive artifacts?
 You need something random.  How about folks who have red hair?
 So, how's your ankle?
 Which one are you going to?
 You know, there are a lot of interesting parallels here with soap operas!
 Soaps have long-running narratives, but characters die all the time. The difference is soaps focus on PREMISE rather than individuals, so they're not killing a cash cow when someone dies. They just bring in someone new!
 Hey, I bet it works on men too!
 I guess the old stereotype of boys liking trains is true!
 I'm pretty sure horses CAN do that. 
 Personally, I'm just flattered you're hanging out with us!
 I mean, YEAH, but nothing I can see through to completion in a few hours.
 Yeah, the evidence against you does look pretty bad!
 Okay, you're posed like you're hiding your wallet from me, but I can see that your hands are empty, and there's nowhere else you could hide it.
 Listen, if you want your wallet back, Dromiceiomimus left it inside your mailbox.
 T-Rex, have you seen my couch? It's gone missing!
 Yes, and there were T-Rex prints all over my shag carpet.
 "IMMOGBNR"
 Yep! Stands for "I Miss My Old Girlfriend, But Not Really" Used all the time
 Sure! "We Illustrate Kinks Involving Phallocentric Europhia During Intercourse. Awesome."
 It's the Secret Mission of Wikipedia! Don't tell anyone, okay?
 Don't what?
 Not much! I bought a new patio set!
 I would have thought you'd choose the bullet hole / water one!
 It's the one where you're shot with a machine gun, and then later you're thirsty, and then you drink water, and then the water springs out of the holes in your body.
 Exactly! It's right up your alley.
 No you're not, T-Rex! 
 The whole idea of the cold/warm blooded binary is discredited.  It turns out there's an entire spectrum of thermal management possibilities between these two misleadingly-named endpoints!  In any case, you're warm blooded. 
 T-Rex, this is basically the spotlight fallacy!
 Yeah! By being a cop, you'd automatically see people who require the services of cops way more often than those who don't. You're blasting your data set the same way that folks who see well publicized reports about "Pedophiles! On the INTERNET!!" do when they conclude that everyone online is big into kids.
 Come on, society doesn't make us all suicidal! It only makes a FEW people suicidal. 
 But they DO prevent spur of the moment suicides!
 Social programs DO work on the causes!!
 You're really into this, eh?
 I'm not sure you're the best person to have this knowledge, T-Rex! Also, don't call it a "magic phrase".
 I think your problem is you're focusing on plot!
 Romance is about two CHARACTERS meeting and falling in love, but all you've got is narrative. We don't really know anything about your protagonists, so we don't care what happens to them. Flesh them out!
 How? I don't know how you'd even pronounce a question mark.
 Hey, you know what's weak? Saying "question mark" really fast.
 It sounded like the sound dogs make when they're just about to throw up.
 Physical attractiveness is a good start!
 Maybe try making them celibate?
 So why are both these "explorations of the soul" found in horror stories?
 Honestly, I think your theory is a little pat. It doesn't consider all possibilities!
 Oh yeah?
 Have you noticed how that's your solution to every problem?
 Sawesome.
 Sounds like a pretty standard nightmare, my friend!
 You're not going to correct them?
 Little creepy, T-Rex!
 What is?
 Well, isn't that the old paradox? Can God create a sentence with grammar so bad, even HE can't correct it?
 I'm a US Military Agent!
 You're under arrest for hacking into our computer and also it's still playing your game and it controls our nukes and it's definitely going to start WW ]|[ by launching them against the Soviets.  Cold War, remember?
 So then what happened?
 Did you tell the woman you had sex with that the REAL reason for it was so that you could be entertained at the dentist's?
 You're saying if there was a guy who could produce utopia, you'd want him in charge.
 Okay, but that's not fascism. Fascism is authoritarian and includes these ideas of unity and purity and stuff like that. It's a sort of xenophobic culty nationalism?
 I - okay?!
 Stop it!
 T-Rex, you can't "play by your own rules" every day! That's nothing more than a catchy way to describe nihilism!
 Yes! Remember? "...values are baseless and nothing can be known or communicated"?
 Only for like one day a month!
 I thought that was vampires.
 I agree! We've got to find something else for you before you've become a cruel amalgam of the uncles Scrooge and Pennybags!
 How about instead of counting money, you count the number of lives you've touched in a positive way?
 You realize that now you're living for revenge?
 Well -
 Who? Who is it?
 No way!
 NO WAY.
 And you see prenups as being the ultimate expression of love*.
 Well, honestly, T-Rex, I think that it's INCREDIBLY presumptuous of you to say that.
 You know, Judaism has long had the "ketubah", which is basically a prenup!
 Yep! It specifies divorce penalties but ALSO marital vows, and is hung up in the house. Prenups can mean a lot of different things to people!
 Hah! What?
 But 70% of the planet's surface is water
 Look, calm down! You've made this far without thirsting to death.
 Well, I mean, you won't last two hours without oxygen.
 Maybe you should give up your ego here, T-Rex!
 While individuals may be fragile, species can survive a very long time! Why not see individual lives as single cells in the species: A multi-cellular multi-generational organism?
 Come on, T-Rex!
 A lot of your previous stories WERE autobiographical. "My Tiring Day"? "A Story About Me (At The End I Sit Down and Write The Book You're Now Reading)"? If I were you, I'd write my next book such that if people DID assume it was about me, it would be flattering.
 T-Rex, your new book is basically terrible!
 I'm serious! The "new Lolita" has nothing to do with the old one, and nothing interesting happens except when "LoHEta" shows up, explains that he's the new manly male Lolita, and then leaves the narrative entirely.
 So you want leprosy.
 Leprosy doesn't make your limbs fall off!! You lose SENSATION in your body, so you can do things like accidentally crush your fingers and not notice. Hey, how's the centuries-old prejudice over there? Pretty uninformed? Pretty BIASED?
 I'm totally pumped for the party tonight, T-Rex!
 But she was the only woman you invited, wasn't shee?
 "Oktoberfest"?
 So what happened then?
 Hah! Future me's awesome.
 T-Rex!! Did you draw yourself in my kitchen giving a thumbs up?
 Hey- If that's the case, maybe Dromiceiomimus got an illustration of me?
 What? What and outrageous illustration!!
 That fever has long since PASSED
 Yeah, but you're only legally married when you sign the paperwork!
 And it's the same with christenings and sentences AND declarations of war: they all require paperwork!  I'D argue that the performative utterance is just part of the ceremony, and that the real change is made when you sign on the dotted line.
  T-Rex, remember yesterday?  You were totally right!  Fully and completely.
  Which guy?
  Look, sorry for admitting I was wrong, I guess?
 And nobody knows why it happened!
 I don't think"#8212;
 I don't understand why you keep lusting after these doomed careers, my friend!
 You have no hair and want to be a hairdresser. You have stubby arms and want to be a boxer. Why not get a job that plays to your strengths?
 Okay, fine, enjoy your hair-dressing. You just stepped on one of your customers.
 But it didn't work!
 I hear that!
 Damn it, T-Rex! All the irony surrounding YOUR friggin' life is now rubbing off on me!
 But T-Rex, what would you call earthquakes?
 Couldn't you also call them. . . "ACTS OF GOD"? 
 It would be a disaster for society!
 I meant if there was such an advance. Early language learners would acquire languages the best, so it would be a generation of toddlers convincing their parents that letting them poop their pants is sweet. If you don't see what's bad for society in that, well - enjoy pooping your pants!
 That's - well, that's not a bad idea!
 I'm getting in on this action too!
 T-Rex, we live in a democracy of dinosaurs! You'll have to get elected if you wish to have power!
 Well, um, what's your platform? What issues are you concerned about?
 My mom works at the library, and there have been cutbacks lately, so that's a concern for us.
 So don't watch those parts of Star Trek!
 That IS one way of looking at it!
 But maybe I'm not at the party BECAUSE of my shufflepants!
 So I should assume that you're a disingenuous and unhelpful jerk.
 And if I were to say "I kissed him with my lips on the lips", that would be breaking Quantity!
 They're like little pillows.
 Impossible!
 I think theme is more "what your story says" than "what your character is able to do". See the difference?
 The "Coso Artefact" wasn't found in a geode, T-Rex!
 It was found in a concretion, and I'm sorry to tell you that those can develop in only a few years! There are marshes in England with WWII-era bombs encased in concretions as well. It's cool, but it's not proof of time travellers!
 "Oooh, look at me, I'm T-Rex and I've found another way to be terrified of the future!"
 Most everyone else gets through life without being terrified of death, T-Rex, and some even look death in the face every day! You should talk to stunt drivers, or like, bear aggravators. You could learn from them!
 Maybe you can present it in a more positive way?
 Well, instead of saying "I just ate less", why not say "while portion control remains the most important part of weight loss, healthier choices and an active lifestyle all contribute towards positive changes in our lives"?
 You're describing the FICTIONAL nation of Poyais, T-Rex! That was a huge scam!
 When the colony boats arrived, instead of opera houses they found untamed jungle, tropical disease and venomous snakes. One settler even committed suicide after trading his life savings for passage. By the time a rescue boat was sent and returned to London, 180 of the 240 emigrants had DIED.
 Really?
 Hah!
 T-Rex! That's not "in medias res"!!
 In medias res is when you join a story mid-way through, not just before the end! It's Lation for "in the Middle of things"? What you're doing is a different literary technique, known only as "Bad Storytelling".
 When people say they are looking for God, they do not mean it literally!
 What that means is that they are on a spiritual search, trying to find God-the-idea, not God-the-person-hiding-behind-the-couch.
 That's supposed to be - German?
 "WE HAD SOME GOOD TIMES! ;)"
 "R U COOL?? THIS CONVERSATION IS REALLY EXPENSIVE"
 Don't date my siblings, T-Rex!
 That - doesn't help?
 Sounds like a good analogy to me!
 Food that you produce yourself?
 Food that the Catholic church really doesn't want you eat?
 But how do you know it's spam?
  Well, has anyone else gotten messages like this?  Maybe the guy really just dislikes you!
 So you swerved to avoid a dog and were thrown from your bike, going over the handlebars.
 So where are the cuts? You should have at least a little road rash.
 So turn around!
 I find it hard to believe you've come up with 365 (to 366) different emotions!
 I'm not sure if it'll -
 I can't, man!
 My brother and his kid are coming over. A quiet night in, you know?
 T-Rex! You just spent hours learning about accounting for a pun!
 You're actually - you're bettering yourself for the sake of a pun. It's impressive. It's annoying AND impressive. It's like you spent years getting a medical degree just so you could mess with Photoshop and claim a picture has been "doctored".
 I think I've figured you out, my friend!
 You WANT your actions analyzed. You want it because if a third party analyzes them, not only does that suggest they're interesting, but it also gives them intrinsic meaning: there must be something there worthy of analysis! You never have to worry about living a meaningful life if there's someone else to find meaning for you.
 Aw man! It wasn't on purpose!!
 So do Superman comics exist in this story?
 Ah, so you use the characters to finally give Clark Kent the quiet and stable relationship with Lois he could never have as Superman.
 Who can forget the events of July 30, 2215?
 He's not even anthropomorphic! 
 You bought him at the grocery store.
 T-Rex, I read your comic! The one you slipped under my door with the note "FEED BACK PLZ ;)"?
 Well, okay, you don't explain how or why the woman switched sexes, and I don't get why you wrote a story where a guy who looks like you is a woman, only to basically ignore the premise. And um, the ending was among the most un-satisfying I'd ever read.
Utahraptor's comic: "Tina's Curse" by Utahraptor
Utahraptor's comic: Tina Rex was a woman with a curse. Tina Rex was a woman with a very peculiar curse.
Utahraptor's comic: Ever since she was six, Tina Rex knew that she was one day to wake up as a man!
Utahraptor's comic: She had been given this curse by her stepmother, who hated her, and presumably men as well. The curse didn't scare Tina. Failing to meet monthly progress reports scared her, missing a checkpoint on her Five-Year Plan scared her, but being a man was like being a woman, she figured, only with more prostate exams. She smiled at her joke. Tina Rex woke up as a man on her 31st birthday.
 So! Did you read my rewrite of your comic?
 What? It got better! It got great!
 I was trying to call you all yesterday!
 Well, you missed out on this store giving away free ice cream because their freezer broke! Another store was giving away free chocolates for reasons less evident.
 On the other hand, the person that left this comic here is kind of a sucky person too!
 He slash she should just address the issues directly!
 So each new tattoo shoots the old one, but what happens when you run out of space?
 Really?
 But the fun thing of bingo is in dabbing the numbers, in building up suspense as the game progresses. You've made it boring!
 Exactly!
 But how do they translate bingo into poker? You have choice over what cards stay in your hand!
 Insane!
 How do you figure?
 That's incredibly unlikely!
 You're surprised?
 T-Rex, it's most likely the oldest riddle on the planet. Without hyperbole, entire civilizations have risen and fallen since someone first came up with that riddle. IT predates PAPER.
 Another day lived to the MAX?
 Wouldn't you get more out of your days if you spend less time destroying and more time considering YOUR SOUL?
 That's not a platitude!
 It's not a platitude!
 I'm not signing those forms!
 I'm not signing them.
 Come on!
 I think you'd make a great "Shortpants".
 I'm right here!
 Please just sign the name change forms, PLEASE? I'd love to call you Shortpants. "How was your day, Shortpants?" "Stop eating all the ice cream, Shortpants!"
 Well frig, Shortpants, I guess I'VE wasted a Monday afternoon!
 You're justifying laziness through minimizing inefficiencies?
 I'm not sewing your button on either, T-Rex.
 Autobiographical?
 You're sure it's not autobiographical?  No problems with the tax man?
 I actually think it would be fascinating!
 Yeah! It would be amazing seeing how some artists react, knowing the best epitaph they could hope for was "runner up". I think you'd see a lot of esoteric music, exploring areas that aren't in the number one song!
 What else would you suggest?
 I think I'd rather NOT be around a guy who punches upon injury.
 Why what?
 I - okay?
 You can't put the genie back in the bottle!
 Gotcha.
 I think if you cured cancer or something, we'd still know your name!
 Okay, so go to that. Choose your own adventure.
 Come on, T-Rex, that's just a stupid stereotype and lame soap opera trope!
 I just think that if you go into this wedding evaluating all the guests by their hookup potential, it'll colour your wedding experience in a really weird way.
 What?
 I found you, T-Rex!
 But I though -
 Man, how do you screw up "Hide and Go Seek"?
 I would've thought you'd call it "T-Rex's condition" or something!
 I suppose. I'm still not comfortable with the name!
  What's going on?
  And you're not giving it to him?
 You're seriously comparing email to film?
 Come on! If you're including spam as text, are you including webcams as film? What about security camera footage, stored and erased without ever being watched? And how are we defining worst? Personal taste? Objective value? Box office performance, ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION OF BOTH MONEY, POPULATION, AND BOX OFFICES?
 There weren't humans around to carry it 3 million years ago, T-Rex!
 You stepped on a human being back there.
 And you really want to be CONSISTENTLY SURPRISED about where your limbs are when you can't see them?
 You know what? I don't think you would! I think you ACTUALLY chose proprioception because it's not one of the classical five senses, and you wanted to be Mr. "Look At Me Guys I Chose An Unexpected Answer".
 Well, why wouldn't you warn us?
 Do you know what someone who is fubsy is called?
 Fubs!
 You already have a dog, the angriest dog in the world, if I remember correctly.
 But nobody says "Oh my God, are you okay??" to mean "Oh my God, do you have a sufficient salary??"
 No they don't!  They lock eyes with you and say "Are you doing alright?" with a hand on your shoulder or something.  Honestly, this joke seems like it could have been funny at some point, but you telephone gamed it in your head and it doesn't make sense anymore.
 But you've said WAY more than two lines,my friend!
 so who's the main character?
 You're so egotistical!  "I'm great at everything I've tried!"
 You know what?  It's still egotistical, and if you've succeeded at everything you've tried, you're not trying hard enough things.  Here, here's something to try: why don't you cure cancer?  And hey, why not come up with a clean, safe, cheap, efficient, powerful, renewable AND reliable energy source while you're at it?
 If you feel so aimless, why not create you own meaning and invest your actions with it?
 The futility of life?
 Really? 2000 years?
 Nadir.
 But... why?
 So what's up?  What went wrong?
 Okay.  Frig though, right?
 No way, man!  The Genesis was the best console ever!
 YES I DID HEAR MYSELF
 OKAY FINE WHATEVER I'M GOING TO GO PLAY SEGA GENESIS
 I AM THINKING NO
 OKAY NOW I AM THINKING YES
 I've never seen a worse statue! You just turned around and switched feet!
 Statues don't talk! You are a terrible statue and a worse friend!!
Utahraptor (offscreen): See, T-Rex? THIS is what a statue of you looks like.
 YEP
 you do look terrible today!  she was only being honest like a good friend
 T REX, RELAX!
 WELL WHAT IF THE ANSWER WAS NEGATIVE, T REX?  YOU WOULD HAVE TO NOT EXIST!  AND MAN, LIKE, WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE FOR YOU LATELY
 you are also a kind-hearted person
 also you are the best at video games.
 also you are great at skateboarding
 Wait.  But I'm not sure what happened!  You never actually told the story!
 You got closer and closer to it, Zeno-style, but I don't remember you actually TELLING it.
 I don't know!
 I believe they may not!
 I mean only to suggest that the uninterrupted progress of the past century could in fact BE interrupted, perhaps by a planet-wide and biblically awesome catastrophe SO HUGE that intelligent life is forced to re-evolve from scratch.  In the year 65,000,000 we may just be catching up to where we are now!
 Yes?
 Hey, I heard you were giving out compliments?
 "Quite affable at times"?  That's it?
 That's my compliment?
 That's pretty weak!
 So appraently you want to be a vigilante, but just about illegal advertising!
 And instead of "exciting"?
 Huh!  What about that strange emotion you get when you see a house being moved on one of those giant trucks at night: a sort of silent ethereal wistfulness?
 What about reality shows, interviews, documentaries arguably...?
 Prejudice.
 And people will bid on you why?
 I feel like I'd prefer to give my money to charity directly, rather than go through this whole "creepy date" thing.
 I can beat that, my friend!
 In history, there was a place in England called "Frigedun," which means "Valley of Frigg"!
 But maybe in the best of ALL possible worlds, you don't exist!
 Exactly! But maybe this is the best possible world for YOU, personally. Maybe this is as close to heaven as you'll ever get!
 We followed the Germanic roots of the goddess Frigg's name instead of the English ones!
 So what are you going to do?
 "Can't get enough of that intercourse"?
 So what's in the news three years ago?
 Ah. So if you're someone from three years ago, shouldn't you be dressing up for Hallowe'en? Hallowe'en 2005?
 Why are you yelling?
 But how are you sure he meant anything aggressive by it?
 Well most cars have one horn that only makes one tone, right? So the only paths for sentiment encoding are honk duration and count. Maybe one honk from that guy means "Hey sexy!!" and two short honks means "Wait a minute! You're not so sexy!!"
 Making a less informed vote worth less?
 Wow.  T-Rex, your system only works if we can objectively measure informedness, which isn't going to happen.  Plus, replace "goodness" with "ethnicity" in your phrase and you're a super crazy racist!
 What, by stomping on people?
 Yeah, but maybe if you went to less all-you-can-eat restaurants you wouldn't need to exercise so much!
 It won't work!
 We all know about your plans now! If you ever do develop voice talent, we'll all be totally prepared for your little prank calls.
  Maybe they'd rather have their pride than a few dollars!
 I suppose it shows that people aren't motivated ENTIRELY by greed, even in situations involving money and a stranger you'll never see again.
 "Rolling over and kissing Christmas"?
 Huh!
 This bomb was missing its nuclear capsule though, T-Rex! It wouldn't explode.
 Yeah, where you REALLY want to look is beneath the ice in Greenland. Another crash there had four nuclear weapons involved, but only debris from three was recovered. There was evidence the fourth - or parts of it - had been so heated by the resulting fire that it melted down through the ice. Serial number 78252!
 Should've done your research, dude!
 No, so you'd know that a "patron of the arts" doesn't just mean you go to galleries.  It means you give a significant amount of money to support art and artists!  It's where you put your disposable income.
 But that's not really fair either!
 It's greedy. Let's cut it such that there's no other way it could be cut that would make ANY of us better off, without making at least one of us worse off. That's OPTIMAL for all of us, T-Rex, and that's optimal for SOCIETY.
 You just need to ROCK MORE!
 Goodbye T-Rex.  We had a good run, didn't we?
 No worries!
 Hey T-Rex, do you want to - 
 Well, it's 11 am and I had things to do today. Maybe if you told me in advance...?
 "I'm T-Rex and I have transparently symbolic dreams!"
 Alright, fine.
 Well, what if I die of old age?
 I - okay?
Utahraptor [[from outside the panel]]: It's just I got the policy free through work, and I named you as a nice gesture? It doesn't even pay a million dollars. I'm pretty sure it's capped at $200,000.
 Knock it off! It's obvious to everyone you're talking about you VIRGINITY.
 So, hey, your euphemisms are pretty weak so far!
 Mega Man doesn't have a two-player mode.
 They do have a certain romance to them that modern technology lacks, eh?
 Imagine if we did, though?
 Health and wellness?
 Um, a building?
 That really wasn't that helpful, T-Rex!
 That one's not bad.
 I'd like to know where you buy your plays.
 Then what happens?
 But not for long!
 He's soon overcome by the terrible sensation of drowning on dry land: any air that touches his lungs is being transmuted on contact into tiny flecks of gold. He suffocates and dies as his lungs fill with the formerly precious metal.
 Air that touches his cooling body continues to transmute, and he's soon covered in a fine golden layer of ash.
 You're saying that in a breakup, entities should not be multiplied without necessity?
 "You don't need God to dump someone"?
 And YOU'RE blocking a much smaller number of particles from hitting the planet, so it'll move a little towards you!
 It's a fun theory, but if you're absorbing particles all the time, shouldn't you be gaining mass?
 Ah, so you'd be absorbing energy then.
 The names of the comedians are like the title of that song?
 Hey, incidentally, I'M working on a comic where there's a man on his hands and knees looking under his couch and his wife is saying "Have you found your keys?" and he's saying "No, I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (My Keys)".
 You'd only say it never!
 There are tons of legal, ethical, and security issues you're not even considering!
 T-Rex, what I am about to say, I say with all honesty.
 In my heart of hearts, I truly thought we already had such an accord
 Want to come over for a slumber party?
 Oh, sorry, I forgot how you never sleep.
 But I can assume all the other players know this too, and won't guess higher than 66.67.
 So in that case I should choose 2/3rds of THAT, which is - 44.44?
 ...then I keep taking 2/3rds off that number until I end up at 0.
 Woo
 Okay, I'll bite: what's the T-Rex system?
Utahraptor [offscreen]: Um, what if the Judeo-Christian God exists and wants you to believe in no-one else but him?
 Hah!  We're seriously talking about you here?
 Hey, here's some things you've never done!  you've never tried fugu, punched out a ghost, gotten married, eaten your way out of a whale, gone heli-skiing, or been shot at by a criminal, but then ran around the bullets at super speed, grabbed the criminal, and then ran back at super speed so that he could be shot by his own bullets.
 Wow, they're doing a lot for their age!
 Yikes.
 And zombies would win, obviously!
 Except if you're bitten by a vampire you become a vampire, so all the zombies would eventually become vampires.
 T-Rex!
 Huh?
 Huh? 
 Or they could simply deduce that someone collected these things from the past!
 So either you want to destroy a future generation's idea of history, or be remembered for your skills at interior decoration.
 I find it doubtful that you've ever revenged yourself on animals in such a way!
 What, you hang around farms and wait for some imagined insult?
  Suddenly she threw up on T-Rex, over and over until he was drenched in digestive fluid!
 - ultravomit, a new form of vomit that was digesting him alive!  As his skin began to dissolve, T-Rex's face melted, slid down the side of his neck, and plopped onto the ground.  
 So you want world peace with none of the work and all of the credit!
 So listen, I might just get you a towel. 
 T-Rex, it's December 18th! Even if I knew how, that's not much time to convince the entire planet to hug. 
 You want to know where babies come from?
 Are you sure?  It's pretty...biological.
 So I got the link you emailed me, T-Rex!
 It's a dating profile for me, using a picture taken through my kitchen window. My hair colour is given as "bald but kool", my age as "about my age, I'd say", and my interests as "spouses" and "ASCII art thumbs up" and then the rest of my profile is this enormous ASCII art thumbs up.
 So hey, how are things going with that Wikipedia lady?
 So, if I can summarize: you're mad at a fictional character.
 I-
 Well, I imagine proteins are digested and used in different ways!
 Huh.
 And you're concerned because you don't know who you are if you can't even trust your memories, right?
 I suppose this comes down to whether or not you believe there is some essential part of you, something more than the sum of your experiences.
 Basically everyone?
 But M-W will obviously choose words in the dictionary!
 I'm pretty sure my life is better without those words.
 I don't see what kind of shortcut, you're going for here!
 So your ideal future is one where everyone's weeping over their Whoppers with Cheese, and nobody's having sex?
 So you think you're not actually a good person!
 Well, even if it's an act, at least you're pretending!  Tons of folks won't even do that.
 You don't wear glasses!
 This whole thing is so implausible! How did you suddenly become a counsellor? Where do your customers come from?
 HOW DO THEY HEAR ABOUT YOUR SERVICES?
 Is this "I am techically accurate but not practical" day?
 Ah.  So we're still burning through oil much faster than it's being formed.
 I need to be home by 7
 Every time we play chess, you're hoping that I die!!
 Yeah, a small hope I'll be dead and gone and remembered as "The Guy Who Was So Upset When He Lost His Queen That His Heart Stopped Beating"!
 So romantic!
 Like other languages!
 Long ago, actually! Ancient Greek had words for passionate love (eros), dispassionate love (philia), the love of family (storge), general affection (agape), and so on. Versions of these survive in modern Greek as well!
  Something to look forward to!
  Still, maybe you've got a bunch of tied-for-second moments, and I bet all those combined are better than one single best moment!
 What's his story?
 Captain O'Spaceships.
 T-rex! God must either be dead or uncaring!
 Sorry, was that to eager?
 Running up behind you like that?
 Too eager?
 T-rex?
 Handy in case Stupid gets mad!
 How?
 But what if your play sucks and nobody wants to know ANYTHING about its author?
 I never do!
 In fact, I don't try to have theological discussions, period! Debating something that boils down to "I believe this despite an absence of proof" is not my idea of fun times. 
 ...Don't you get brained by a teacup?
 Yeah, and if you say "I'm hungry", you're not plagiarizing everyone who's said it before!
 Well, there you're using a poem so famous I'd argue it doesn't need citation. It's a reference! People will get it.
 I feel like maybe you're not sure what plagiarism is
 Perhaps! But this problem only comes up if you're not the centre of the Universe.
 If you're not the centre of the Universe, then you're perched on an Earth that's whipping through space, and sure, there's problems from that. But if you ARE the centre of the Universe, then everything's revolving around you! You can go through time without worry, because you'll always arrive right where you started.
 I think that's egotistical and false dichotomy!
 Just because you've conquered everything about painting TODAY doesn't mean you've also conquered everything about painting in the future. You're in privileged position of a master painter: from that high vantage point, maybe you can see where the medium can go next!
 You really think your body is perfect, don't you? 
 Really? Because if you had wings on your back, that would look incredible in this amazing death metal sort of way, and they might even give you limited flight abilities. I'd say that's MORE perfect! I'd say it's so much more perfect, in fact, that their absence becomes an almost palpable flaw. 
 I'm pretty certain that you're right!
 Right.
 Most of us have though!
 Come on!  Our culture COULD end up swinging towards rampant fleshotarianism instead.
 I don't see how this engenders effective communication.
 Wait!
 IS it not true that a "cheerful nihilism" can carry the day, distinguished by an easy-going acceptance of meaninglessness? There is no need for such physical and psychological destruction.
 Consider that!
 You're not an astronaut.
 No!
 You are a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
 Yep.
 Seriously.
 Adults can see R-rated movies, but also have responsibility for their own well-being!
 Adults can sex each other up, but also can put so much meaning and pour so much hope into a single dream that, when this dream is finally achieved, it can never possibly live up to its expectations!
 And the water also drenched the orphan and puppies and birds!
 They're all drenched, lost in sorrow - a new kind of sorrow, a grief, a sadness so intense it could smother them. Dripping wet, staring at the ground, they weep. Eventually Jenn looks up and smiles as best she can, bravely, but it's so small, so fragile. She turns and walks away, her broken balloon dragging behind her.
 And the balloons are filled with pure joy!
 Perhaps we create them out of shame?
 And when failings are revealed, we react with judgement, fearing any sympathy might arouse interest in our own secrets!
 [[Thinking]] No-one must know I peed on the wall
 T-Rex! Thank God I found you! Is there anything we can do?
 You don't, T-Rex: you join it. You - embrace it. Don't call us "the Contamination" We just want to... elevate you.
 I wish you wouldn't sexualize literary techniques, T-Rex.
 Plot twists don't always happen at the end, though!
 ...What?
 I would've at least added some suffixes!
 "Standard-tastic".  No, real words, like "standardized".  You know?  Or "restandardizational".  "DiDODECArestandardizational"!  Now we're moving into the realm of me being impressed: 11 syllables!  BUT DUE TO YOUR STUMBLES, I'M ONLY BECOMING MORE AND MORE IMPRESSED WITH MYSELF!!
 Didodecarestandardizational: something referring to or about the restandardization process in a way that is related to 2 groupings of 12.
 I KNEW THE RISKS
 But it takes more than training!
 Ah. Well. I guess that would indeed be the case.
 But most of them are probably long decayed!
 But this material existed before Darwin did.
  Hey, do you guys need some friggin' help?
  Wow, I'm really excited about this!
 Then why are you stomping things?
 But can someone who's destroying beauty truly appreciate it?
 But how much particle displacement happens at conversational levels?
 I dunno, Sound's a wave that travels THROUGH the medium it's in, right, so I'd imagine that's mostly oscillation, not displacement. If you talk to me from across the room, I'm not being splattered with air from inside your lungs.
 T-Rex
 It doesn't count if you're just spitting on me
 You'd prefer zero tolerance?
 I suppose that is a reasonable concern!
  You've actually kissed like that?
  Okay, promise me right now that you'll never perform anything on me that could possibly be referred to as "The Happy Swamping".
 But there's no place on Earth that even comes CLOSE to having such high radiation levels!
 That's what I'm saying.
  I've never been to the bottom of the ocean, but I still know there's freaky-ass transparent fish there!
  Okay, sure!
 And then what happens?
 And then?
 And the other guy doesn't?
 Man this is old news, Professor Curmudgeonly! You ever seen something escalate?
 OH DAMN "ESCALATE" IS A VERB MADE UP FROM "ESCALATOR", WHICH WAS ITSELF A TRADEMARK! So now you can't escalate. And you also can't zip up your pants. Or go trampolining, roller-blading, or jetskiing. Or tase your enemies.
 You meet some eloquent people!
 But have you considered that no song stays popular forever? There's bound to be a backlash, and the faster a song becomes popular, the greater the backlash to it once it begins to fall from favour!
 That's funny, because you always voice every single thought in your head!
 Well that's funny, because no you don't!
 Whatever!
 People hated parking tickets long before you came along. They ALSO dislike restrictive bank service hours, computer phone systems that make it difficult to talk to a real person, AND unjustified authority.
 No child ever wants to hear their grandfather tell them that.
 But I take it you don't count people with artificial organs as cyborgs.
 I'm afraid you're making the #1 mistake in predicting the future, T-Rex!
 Only extending existing technology forward. Why are we till shackled to the cell phone interface? It's a thought-activated process, so why do we have to dial? And if we're implanting stuff, why not put the same sensors by the mouth and avoid the hands entirely? Plus, I mean, this way YOU could use the phone as well.
 So poems could be among the earliest, most practical forms of communication!
 So now more respect for poetry?
 Are there other metaphors like this?
 Sure!
 But any character can pull that off.  It doesn't have to be Shakespeare.
 So the professional performing CPR on me is thinking "Bum bum bum / Another one bits the dust"?
 T-Thanks?
 But that results in spouses, not buddies!
 Friendship, founded on deceit and romantic frustration.
 Why don't you just ignore all that and use it anyway?
 Well then - phrase it differently!
 And...?
 Did you do them well?
 T-rex, did you remember to do your taxes this year?
 That's funny, because taxes were due months ago, long before you contracted amnesia.
 And it was really fragmented back then!
 The British will end up creating a Standard English just to ensure that government communication can be READ outside of London.
 Wow.  Today is the day you become old, T-Rex!
 My friend, you took helicopter rides and white water rafting, two awesome things, and the best you could imagine to do with them was commute and buy your groceries?  THOSE ARE OLD PEOPLE DREAMS.
 And what's your right fist called?
 And this makes you not old.
 You'd really choose "-cracy" over "-tastic"?
 What does it mean?
 Its precise meaning will forever remain a mystery!
 You're not mad at Oscar Wilde, T-Rex!
 No, you're mad at J. M. "Peter Pan" Barrie for the young one, and at some anonymous wag for the genius one - nobody's found a reliable link to Oscar for it.  He just gets the credit!
 "If with the literate I am/ Impelled to try an epigram,/ I never seek to take the credit; / We all assume that Oscar said it." - Dorothy Parker.
 You mean in terms of protection against disease, or in terms of adjusting your taste?
 I'm intrigued because the same thing also happened to me this morning!
 That's like solving a problem of high blood pressure by removing the heart, T-Rex!
 The amygdala doesn't just do fear, anyway: it's also responsible for long-term memory rentention! The more emotional the memory, the better it's stored. If you lose it you also lose the ability to learn from feelings!
 How do you figure?
 I imagine it'd raise some issues of identity and self...
 How do you figure?
 I imagine it'd raise some issues of identity and self...
 T-Rex, do you want to go visit the chocolate factory?
 April Fools'!
 What about the joke, "A man walks into a bar...ouch!"?
 Go on!
 This phrase can be used in reference to friendly good times!
 Really?
 It's pretty much all in the title. Dude died tonight. In your arms!
 Is there anything she can do?
 Ah, so there's nothing she can do.
 Physical diseases are like that too, T-Rex!
 Yeah, any disease can have an idiopathic version, meaning for all intents and purposes that it arises spontaneously, with no detectable physical cause. All we can do is shrug and try to treat the symptoms!
 How is it racist? Is the apple-hater of a minority creed or socio-economic group?
 I was just trying to figure out how this new "racist" thing worked!
 Really?
 Sure!
 We're trying to explain YOUR origin here?
 Okay, but - the reason religions have creation myths is that they're addressing huge questions with no obvious answer. "Where did we all come from?" Everyone's pondered that question! "Where did that T-Rex guy come from?" is really only pondered by the other guy in the bathroom stall.
 Hey, me too!
 My pleasure, T-Rex! I enjoy how when YOU come over, you always say "Thank you for inviting me into your home." It always sounds sincere!
 You don't even particularly like horses!
 Honestly. What happens if you change yoru last name and then you run into Gary Horses at a party? He'll know you stole his last name.
 But then every time you'd eat something, you'd have no idea how it'll taste!
 It is kind of baloney that poison can b e delicious.
 Love isn't a weakness, T-Rex. It's a strength!
 That's quite the euphemism!
 Love isn't a weakness, T-Rex. It's a strength!
 That's quite the euphemism!
 You do it every day!
 {{bolded}}Personally, I wish you'd stop.
 But you're also special for what you know: information that's recorded nowhere else in the Universe!
 What idle, passing notions briefly entertained you before falling asleep last night?  What snack did you sneak last week?  All this information is known by only one person in the entire universe: YOU.
 But it was an accident!
 And? How was it?
 As high as he could!
 And as saying that things get hotter the higher up you get is incredibly naive (how come mountain tops aren't sweltering?), Icarus was fine. Temperature actually DECREASES as you go up the troposphere, and there's no way Icarus could fly up to the thermosphere, where things DO get hot, because there's just not enough air.
 Why can't you just be happy with the name you've got?
 It doesn't seem like it: you're always trying to change it to something with more of a punchline to it. But jokes get old! And if your name's a joke, you'll be the first one to get tired of it.
 You can also barbecue whole chickens, T-Rex!
 Sure! I'm sure I can pick some up.
 What happens if you don't eat any fried chicken!
 What's it like?
 Man, I was paying my taxes and paying my heating bill today, and I think I put the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope!
 T-Rex! That's not what I meant!
 I'd say "sending messages through time is possible, and you'll live long enough to take advantage of it!"
 That works too!
 I suppose you're proposing we somehow make "work" more entertaining?
 You seem to have a lot of respect for dentists! 
 But DID YOU KNOW that dentists only clean your teeth and hang out with you because you pay them to? 
 He's not really your friend, T-Rex! 
 Vegans are hilarious now?
 No no, I meant, "This is hilarious because he's vegan?"
 Sounds like he's having the more interesting evening.
 It's an insurance policy for personal development?
 ...
 Today is special because we're all healthy and happy!
 There are worse things to happen that a video game not coming out, T-Rex! 
 Did it work?
 What an amazing tale!
 So the relationship now hangs in the balance of every disagreement, no matter how small!
 Ah.
 Yeah, but Spider-Man never dies!
 And that's great?
 The loser gets pregnant first?
 In another reality, you could've had a PhD in penis fencing.
 I'd like to see an example!
 That's not very erotic.
 Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad! Dude wrote some bad sonnets, and no less than T. S. Eliot referred to his rarely-performed "Titus Andronicus" as "the worst play ever written".
 Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad! Dude wrote some bad sonnets, and no less than T. S. Eliot referred to his rarely-performed "Titus Andronicus" as "the worst play ever written".
 Listing ways of saying "no"?
 Ho ho!
 Was this entire conversation an excuse for that crappy pun?
 Have you at least taken some medicine?
 Ah, so your first instinct when sick is to claim a desire to evolve beyond the need for mortal bodies, rather than taking even a small step toward treatment.
 I see.
 That was poetry, T-Rex! Amazing! I've never heard such evocative words.
 I agree such a name might colour a child's life!
 But I also know that you can't legally choose a name with military titles or other honourifics in it. The government won't accept it!
 You're not a fan of "T-Rex died today after being really old for a while"?
 I can see the appeal in having a good solid sending!
 It's a measurement of food energy, T-Rex!
 The amount needed to heat one kilogram of water by one degree Celcius. And the suggested diet has a daily calorie level of around 2000.
 I think all this underscores how arbitrary these systems of measurement are!
 You're always just picking two temperatures and dividing the space between up into arbitrary degrees! We could just as easily be dealing with the freezing and boiling points of a 50/50 mixture of champagne and caviar, say.
 It doesn't make you "weak" to have allergies, T-Rex!
 I do actually think that's pretty manly.
 I really don't see this "pregnancies induced equals manliness" connection!
 Yes really. I don't see the paragon of manhood as being able to successfully deliver sperm to the most eggs.  It's a very literally biological view of manliness, you know?  I think we as a gender can aim higher. 
 Someone who is able to lead well, but also is able to admit and correct their mistakes.
 Also someone who doesn't heckle their friends when he disagrees.
 So your favourite weather is: wind.
 That's it?  No great insight, no perspective beyond "I like it when it's windy"?
 I don't know - sunny, with a chance of clouds?
 I'm cool with that!
 Got it covered!
 I already used my "sunscreen vision" to cover her in SPF 50. She'll be fine for up to 50 times her normal exposure tolerance.
 What do yours do? Dribble out salty water, but only when you're sad?
 But T-Rex, this is nothing more than deifying the ego, defiant of conventional morality!
 You've chosen for yourself a philosophy that justifies everything you do as good, simply because you did it!  Now tell me, how is that a useful moral and ethical system?
 "Well, um" exactly!
 Why not write your own story?
 That's not a bad point. Okay! I look forward to seeing what you come up with!
 These slogans are extremely - equivocal?
 But you're not saying anything beyond "Given certain assumptions, religion sounds okay"!
Utahraptor Egg: gurb.
 If you squeeze anything hard enough, poop will come out.  That's not a secret.
 I'll pass.
 But you said you were confirming an initial suspicion.
 So really you're suspecting bad drivers of being not you.
 I SEE PROBLEMS WITH THIS!
 Hold the phone!!!
 I think my head is starting to hurt!
 Man, I don't know about this!
 This is the crazy version of this panel where we have no disagreement and there are no problems.
 Tra-la-la.
 OH WHERE DO I EVEN BEGIN.
 YOU GOT IT.
 For starters, have you noticed sometimes while you're in the middle of reading a sentence, the panel suddenly changes?
 IT'S AWFUL.
 Ok, let me explain. Unlike a typical CYOA with pages that set up different story branches with some detail, these shifting panels have us fly by the seat of our pants! Each one has to be generic to fit whatever preceded it.
 YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
 YOU CAN'T DO WHAT WE'RE DOING NOW. That is, continue a conversation from the same panel after it just switched. That panel was a separate story path! It's like two people in different dimensions talking to each other!!!
 NO, NOT AWESOME.
 But people just entering this panel have no idea what we're talking about.
 But that is not in the spirit of this storytelling model! Man, look, this whole thing is unhinged now. You totally broke the CYOA format you invented. Happy?
 Man, you weren't really gone for a full week!
 Did I just hear you say
 Heck, I'm not busy.  Let's go right now!
 Did I just hear you say
 Heck, I'm not busy.  Let's go right now!
 Okay, but what about emails and other online communication?
 I already say that.
 So how's it work?
 No, I mean, how'd you do it, how did you figure ut the semantics and word senses? Statistical methods? But those have problems with recall and precision, even with - are you using the web as a corpus? How are you handling the noise?
 Yeah, but we're not in a story, plus your AI only answers emails!
 I don't really see --
 What?
 And ALSO assuming in war, both players have units of equal strength!
 In fact, assuming that all units are exactly equal and any differences between them are purely cosmetic!
 Two! Folks who dismiss thousands of people out-of-hand based on one quality.
 Four! Folks who say ostracization's better than reconciliation or rehabilitation.
 Six! Folks who say that's ALSO a good point and furthermore, that there's certainly nothing wrong with personal tastes!
 Holy crap! That was amazing!!
 The odds that someone would do that just as you were mentioning it are so small! Did you set it up?!
 Hah!
 There are still way better opening lines that are relatively unknown!
 I give you the first line of Max Shulman's "Sleep Till Noon": "Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Four shots ripped into my groin and I was off on the greatest adventure of my life!
 Depends; what's the line?
 I could give you some tips if you want!
 Easy: I'm a spy, T-Rex! The government sent me to spy on you like a decade ago. 
 Of course!
 Not you what?
 Whoah! Consider my mind blown, then!
 But do you actually obtain anything by talking in such a way?
 Huh.
 I still think that it's not half as striking as if you didn't say a particular word for a bit - say, "frig"?
 Who the hell goes to Cornwall?
 . . . started a symphony!
 It's true!
 You've got a lot of theories about the past, eh?
 So what's her origin story?
 I honestly don't see an audience for this.
 Oh great, you're gonna be Mr. "I've Given Up Drinking And Am Therefore Superior"!
 Why announce it at all, you know? Just pull a Bruce Wayne and drink ginger ale like it's champagne!
 Are there any more interesting universals?
 Really?
 You're saying the reason we don't see any time tourism is that we're - boring?
 I suppose now you're going to suggest we do something so amazing that the future will HAVE to check us out?
 ...And secondly?
 Let's hear 'em!
 ...
 ...Amazingly that is even worse than before
 You were hoping for funny ways of death?
Utahraptor (off screen): But T-Rex, couldn't each of those be filed under "Natural disasters"? And I've got good news for you: THE ODDS OF DYING IN A NATURAL DISASTER ARE ONLY 1 IN 4000!
 Um, that's not actually universal, T-Rex! "Universal" means EVERYTHING, not just Earth!
 But you're using it to mean "just on Earth, actually, and um, just within the history we remember". That's RACIST against people from unrecorded history, PLUS it's racist against every other form of life in the entire universe. Basically I'm saying that you are perilously close to being the MOST PREJUDICED RACIST GUY EVER IN TIME. 
 I heard it was real!!
 Everything burns, T-Rex!
 ESPECIALLY BUMS, when they're acting as a friction brake.  I thought we covered this with your "infinite skateboard" idea?
 Oh well!
 Hey, I know this guy! The books were probably all comics anyway, and they don't matter, right?
 Really? What other characters do you have?
 Beach Bunny Churchill?
 A way for what?
 Okay. Well, Mario's a well-known character, but you have specialized knowledge about him. Why not exploit this in art you produce?
 You share a cultural context with other Mario fans, so there's your shibboleth to talk with them directly. At the same time, Mario is famous enough that nobody will be lost by a reference!
 Wow, these jokes are kinda mean to PROFESSION MEMBERS!
 I - 
 It seems we're all pretty vulnerable to this crticism, huh?
 My parents gave it to me T-Rex the Tyrannosauroid.
 Deal!
 So let us break that association by no longer contracting it!
 I think that this has been successful so far. Let us continue this experiment!
 Let us listen to it right now!
 Another weight-loss scheme?
 Ah, yes, that coveted "I'm so full of chalk and sawdust, you guys" feeling.
 This isn't a bad thing, T-Rex!
 Sure, but it also means that there's no limit to your horizons, that the future can always promise more than the present, and that you'll never run out of things to learn.
 What? I never said "Teri Hatcher"!  I meant knowledge in general.
 You'd also need total surveillance recording your every utterance!
 But this sentence is just gonna be something random anyway. Why not choose a random sentence from your diary and avoid, um, THE NEED TO LIVE IN A SURVELLIANCE STATE THAT RECORDS EVERY SINGLE SPEECH ACT?
 Yes, T-Rex?
 So let's make one of these bets!
 You're ON. Thanks for the $1000!
 Ha! You don't want to get married. You want to go to a dance played by Marty McFly!
 I guess not, except for the fact that the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance is a HIGH SCHOOL BALL and not a wedding!
 Me too!
 I was hoping your adventure would take you out of town for a few days!
 Forget it then!
 The romance of the rebel?
 Well if it's any consolation, you're not THAT sensible. You've done tons of crazy things! You just THINK you're sensible because you always did them for reasons you believed were rational.
 And this is appealing, T-Rex?
 That's sort of cool, actually.
 It comes from Latin!
 It's a prayer, "reuiescat in pace", which also works in English with about the same meaning: rest in peace.  It comes from the Christian tradition, which at various points and to various people has held that there is a time of "soul sleep" after death but before judgment.
 But billionaires aren't uniformly jolly!
 That implies giving a depressed dude a few bucks will cheer him right up.
 Me neither!
 Well you tell him that more people playing games means fewer people looking down on gamers!
 You sound like you're actually convincing yourself that this is a good idea!
 Okay, but one could argue that the intelligent life we represent is something that could be ENTIRELY UNIQUE in the Universe.  That's worth preserving!
 *sigh*
 ...Fine.
 We shouldn't choose to go extinct because if an asteroid threatens the planet, we're the only ones with enough science to blow it up.
 You're walking on dangerous land, T-Rex!
 So, um, when you look back on this, I hope you realize that the reason I left is your phrase "let us... talk about LITERAL rape, okay??".
 Yeah man, maybe all that survives from you is that quote!
 Years in the future, folks will try to reconstruct you from those few words. "Who was 'T-Rex'? We know of his interest in 'them quote books' [sic], and we can assume he found demonstrative pronouns a challenge."
 According to the calendar on my desk-
 The world began on January 1st of this very year, and will end no more than 365 days later!  The calendar is only 365 date-bearing pages dates thick and I've counted three times! The Page-A-Day publishing house tried to warn us! 
 How do you figure that?
 I - I guess?
 Your screenplay once again, appeals only to a micro-niche market!
 Well, the only people who will enjoy it are those in the intersection of the set of people who know databases with the set of people who like crappy movies!
 Doesn't technology have to be implanted to make you a cyborg?
 I suppose!
 Okay, so we're hanging out, and I say "T-Rex, I'm gonna go nap in your bed."
 However, once in your room I startle a sleepy murderer, who without alarming you, quietly murders me, stuffs me in the closet, and then goes back to nappy times - in your bed!! A few minutes later you say, "Nice. An orange dude is sleeping in my bed." Clearly, this is justified, and it may even be true.
 But only if the murderer was orange! Don't you see? It's sheer luck that this murderer was coloured to make your belief true. Are you really going to call random chance "knowledge"?
 Really?
 You're not worried how suspicious it is for someone to be SO CONCERNED with appearing innocent?
 Here lies T-Rex: He lived his life well / and tried to understand.
 Here Lies T-Rex: His Heart Was Punched Out Of His Chest By A Robot, But Then Wind Blew His Heart Into The Robot's Face And The Robot Said, "Error, Oh Man, Gross".
 IN THE FUTURE, our actions and beliefs will be evaluated by standards we didn't have!
 Also, we'll still have some of the old problems.
 So, you want to sound like Cary Grant, eh?
 Why not hire voice and accent coaches, like actors do? I don't see why the same "here's how to talk like someone you're not" lessons wouldn't apply just as well to you.
 I would!
 Who says "Q.E.D." online?
 ME NEITHER AS A FIND IT TO BE A REASONABLE FORM OF EXPRESSION
 Okay!
 But I gotta say, there's this one forbidden tree that has this AMAZING fruit and you should definitely eat some right away.
 AWESOME.
 It is kind of neat to imagine the one guy who, purely by chance, has the most right predictions.
 It would be pretty amazing to go through life knowing that in the future, people not only remember but also APPROVE of you.
 What are you doing?
 Hmm...You could go skydiving!
  And if you go back 1500 years or so, say, fifty-five generations?
  Ah, but you're assuming everyone's sexing up a totally genetic stranger.  If you sex up a relative, any child produced will have fewer grandparents!
  What does?
 My debt?
 T-Rex, you only ever call me nicknames when you owe me money.
  It sounds like this comforts you!
  Even if you were paralyzed and couldn't communicate?
  That's like complaining when Princess Leia falls for Han Solo!
  Huh?
 Is it murder if you're literally asking for it?
 I - 
 At the very least, "The First Dude Murdered In Space By His Friend, who Is Now Going To Jail!"
 So you dreamed about being cussed out?
 And when you woke up you remembered that moral!
 There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
 Yeah, what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies, we bought awards for each other? Yours could say something like "SASSIEST DUDE" -
 There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
 Yeah, what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies, we bought awards for each other? Yours could say something like "SASSIEST DUDE" -
 Papal Resistance?
 Hilarious!
 But WTF is already an invented acronym.
 It seems like it'd be way easier to just make enemies with one W.T. Freemont that to try to direct the acronymic course of an entire language! IMHO.
 I heard you were going as a witch this year
 Your mom.
 Pussy!
 Let's sell them!
 "I've Realized: Other Dads Are Almost Certainly Better."
 Oh man! Can you imagine a secretary drinking coffee out of an "Is This All There Is?" mug?
 Hah! This is what you get for thinking out loud, my friend!
 Except you didn't rate her a perfect ten.
 Hah! This is what you get for thinking out loud, my friend!
 Except you didn't rate her a perfect ten.
 But at 16 you had way more potential than you would at 50!
 At 16 you've got the potential for both you at 50 and the potential for trillions of alternate future and alternate yous, possibilities which are trimmed each instant you're alive. At 50 you've already exhausted tons of your options!
 That's funny?
 Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating, T-Rex!
 Riveting!
 Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating, T-Rex!
 Riveting!
 T-Rex: coming out strongly in favour of death?
 I suppose 3000 years ago there were people who DID hate the Kobans!
 Or maybe you're just being narrow in your definition of science fiction!
 Okay, well, nobody was talking about flying cars, sure, but people did conceptualize Pegasus, and that's a friggin' flying horse. Horses being the cars of olden times, remember? Just because Peggy didn't have a scientific underpinning doesn't mean he wasn't the result of people imagining better technologies!
 You can either be optimistic or pessimistic about this, T-Rex!
 Gah!
 Life's everywhere, man!
 Therefore ours is the worst of all possible worlds?
 You mean like a catch phrase?
 I'm not sure that counts as leitwortstil, does it? If it's just someone saying "Gee golly jeepers!", and there's no theme or motif associated with it - then it's just there for laughs, isn't it?
 Assuming they want it, of course.
 Absolutely.
 But I'm STILL not cleaning raccoon poop off your porch, T-Rex!
 Hey T-Rex, why won't you lend me $20?
 Hey T-Rex, why are you putting in all these long hours?
  Hey T-Rex, what's your favourite percussion-based theatrical experience?
 Shakespeare wrote it, didn't he? "To thine own self be true"?
 You can?
 So, new punctuation marks?
 So invent it and convince everyone it's a good idea!
Utahraptor (from outside the panel): Nope!
 "You don't worry about basic safety if you need to poop."
 He did, did he?
Utahraptor, from within a thought cloud: Really?  Wow!  What size?
 *sigh*
 But then I'll just outbid her with the exact same motivation!
 But then - if Dromiceiomimus bids 98 cents, I'll bid 99.  Then she has to decide whether to bid $1: if she doesn't, she loses 98 cents, but if she does, she'll break even.  So she does, and I'm left with the choice of either losing my 99 cents, or of bidding $1.01 and then only losing 1 cent.
 So I bid more than the dollar is worth, just to minimize my losses!  And it keeps on going, and we both end up bankrupt!  This is the worst ever auction, and I'm not bidding.
 No, I think that movie's been referenced enough lately
 A man died, T-Rex! That's not funny!
 And sometimes you die.
 I always thought we'd eventually figure that out!
 Good luck!
Utahraptor [[from outside the panel]]: Holy crap!
 I heard that tattoos with the letter "h" in them...
 Well, I heard that an "h" in any tattoo is short for "Hey, Ask Me About My Sexual History", and a second "h" on the body is short for "Hey, Some Of It Is Personal Though, Okay?"
 "Hooray for the Huxtables."
 What was your idea?
 God can get tattoos?
 But you don't NEED to come up with a joke or rely on entertaining violence!
  As a character in a comic, you have no true free will of your own.  Nor do you think at all! It is the author that will com up with the joke.
  If the author is a lazy bum, yes.
 One time when you say it, you'll have to be right!
 "That's the last time I'm puking into my crotch"?
 I agree!
 I can see not knowing them as a child, but if you're going to be an adult, you need to know at least some of this stuff.
 The only reason you can do some of it yourself is that there's a whole dentistry infrastructure supporting you, my friend!
 You buy toothbrushes and toothpaste pre-made, each with thousands of hours of engineering and design put into them and all with the goal of ensuring oral hygiene even when in the hands of an amateur. You're not a dentist, man! You're just some dude who has learnt to press "play" on the VCR of modern dentistry.
 ...
 Analogously.
 What's awesome? It's awesome to be dead?
 I get the sense you empathize with these ghosts a lot.
 I see.
 And that's still suspicious!
 Listen, you want to fake your death, you've got to do it right, with none of this way-too-obvious note stuff.  Let's stop joking around here and get down to business.
 Good.
 We're doing this, man.  We're making this happen.
 Nobody builds for TWO infinite buses showing up right after the other!
 Amazing!
  So he threw away the photo and reminded himself not make that dumb mistake anymore?
  Hah!  Whoops!
 But?
 Romance?
 But lots of the alternative names can be considered obscene, can't they?
 Neat!  But largely irrelevant to us, as our reproduction is not through vaginal intercourse!
 AS YOU KNOW, we achieve intercourse through a cloacal kiss, the cloaca being of course our single shared intestinal, urinary, AND reproductive tract opening!
 Did you hear that friggin' updates are available to be installed, T-Rex?
 Or maybe updates will be installed without even telling us, so when things break it'll be a big surprise each time with no friggin' discernable cause!
 Frig, right?
 I think it's happening to me! Waterpark, waterpark, waterpark.
 It's due to a repeated firing of the same cortex area which causes a reduction in the waterpark intensity, right? Waterpark.
 How'd you use it just now?
 And dads make the seam deal too! "Papa" is in English, Cree, and Hindi! 
 It's kinda awesome that these words are built to flatter new parents.
 And yet?
 Game over!
 Man, what's wrong with zombies and sexin'?
 Sounds like you should be taking this up with your brain, not with me!
 Oooh! What's my dish's theme?
 I'm not sure if that's offensive. I think it might be offensive! Maybe? I guess it depends on what food you think best represents "gay".
 It's a box of Cap'n Crunch cereal, and inside the box you put a note that says "DUDES".
 What happened?
 Why bother remaking a game if you're just going to change it?
 Man, you should!
 The letter probably says "Dear T-Rex, okay, let's try this again.  You'll get this when you're 80, let's see if you can come back and save me without stepping on ALL the butterflies this time, alright bitches??"
 Maybe it was the cusses you chose?
 And still no response, huh? Weird!
 Vows are meant to be saved for the big things, man!
 No, this is you infatuated with a consumer-grade appliance.  Vows are for when you get married, swear revenge on the death of a loved one, or become Batman!  And even that is just a special case of the revenge one.
 But, they can't go out in the sun.
 Name 'em.
 No, DON'T!
 Because the Tyrones will be more miserable if you let them live.
 Those wouldn't generate nearly enough power!
 There are physical limits to what a -
 Oh God, live autobiography!
 I'm not insulting anyone, I'm just not a fan of live autobio.
 The wall hit you, but "decide" is misleading! The wall didn't make any decisions.
 That's magical thinking, T-Rex.
 Hey T-Rex, want to try my Pultizer-prize winning clam chowder?
 The story of how delicious this chowder IS is what won the award.
 Who are you talking to? There's - there's no teens here.
 Eavesdropping teens.
 Wow, when did you become an old man, T-Rex?
 So the past is the only safe choice.
 So - that leaves the present?
 Ah yes, the ineffable appeal of an plastic snowman punctuating a July lawn!
 Yep!
 So if flour isn't scary, then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour?
 If I were you I'd be polite when they show up with a cake!
 So if flour isn't scary, then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour?
 If I were you I'd be polite when they show up with a cake!
 It IS pretty unlikely that you'd be made to call us under duress!
 "Feed the chickens and the dog"?
 We'd need to take up chicken husbandry, just to be safe.
 Mankind was foolish to unleash us upon the world! Who are they to play God?
 Also, I and you as well represent the threat of castration. Recall that the raptors were introduced with the image of a fossilized claw being used to 'geld' the curious boy. Reading the dinosaurs as Woman (and recall that all the dinosaurs were cloned female) it appears that the message of the film is that femininity is dangerous and must be repressed!
 Isn't that just a bit too convenient?
 Well your theory fails to account for the fact that we obviously CAN make decisions, and that we do so constantly.  Can you really tell me that you think the brain is nothing more than a complicated computer with delusions of grandeur?
 Like what? "Father B. Planet"?
 "Let's restore the beach to the way Sister Therearediseasesyoucantevensee intended."
 So much for original ideas, huh?
 Alright, I'll join you.
 Yeah, you won't have to deal with that until you're way older!
 Well, that's right, but if you ever find yourself in this situation, you can just join a club or a team and meet new people that way!
 Plato really said this about... dudes?
 Wouldn't circles be a better example? We can all imagine the perfect circle, but we can't draw one.
 Those are pixelated if you look closely, T-Rex! And before you say "robots can", they still draw on some medium, and that's made of atoms.
 The ladies evolved some countermeasures though, didn't they?
 Wow.
 Today I made peace with the possibility that - 
 Well, today I made peace with the possibility that if I die tomorrow, people might not say "Such a tragedy; he had so much potential."
 And Moby Dick takes place in the middle?
 ...Huh.
 Yep, even then.
 Yep! So it's not so unreasonable that someone would send this web card. If the other person also had a fancy phone, it would be a discreet way of letting them know!
 Except that doesn't include oceans and stuff - things you can't buy!
 Plus, buying the WHOLE DANG PLANET means buying everything on it, and that means we now have to put a price on LIFE ITSELF.
 But maybe we don't have the money to buy an ambulance anyway!
 ...I - I guess so!
 You are!
 You're an enormous dinosaur with fangs and claws!
 Hell, I'm a monster and you're bigger than ME!
 Not a fan of your entire life reduced to a single number? Then don't do it!
 These prices are estimates anyway, dependant on so many assumptions. Even if someone's dead, you can't say for sure how much they're worth! How much was Newton worth? Or Shakespeare? Or some dude who fathered Shakespeare's great-great grandmother? Or some OTHER dude who was there, encouraging him to do it?
 Turns out greater minds than yours have thought about time travel already, huh?
 Really? That's very mature of you.
 But if we don't want to kill ourselves, we can find religion, right?
 So what's left?
 I, uh, don't see any future generations listening in.
 I'm not your stenographer! Take your own notes.
 This just in, English has a lot of words for a bunch of stuff!  Film at 11?
 If you misspell a word, "You made a boo-boo" is fine, but if you press the wrong button and lazer 5000 dudes, that's probably not the mot juste?
Utahraptor [off-panel]: Well, that'd be my fault for changing languages in the middle of a sentence.
 Some of it probably got turned into your body!
 A better question is "where were they THEN?" and the answer is "Originally, the big bang, where all that makes you was blasted out of the same stuff that your enemies also came from."
 Just show them a photo once you're inside!
 I think you'd be surprised how often there's no security measures against evil twins in real life. Why, you could ask your friend Utahraptor... IF HE WAS HERE!!
 They'll just contest the will,T-Rex! 
 They'll contest it, or everyone will agree to redact the bear slappy clauses. Happens all the time.
 You name the charity.
 Hah!
 The apathetic ARE typically underrepresented in surveys.
 Hang up the phone?
 Your "Nutrinomicon" is nothing more than a Food Guide, repackaged!
 All the major governments have published Food Guides, which do exactly what your Nutrinomicon purports to do: divide food into groups, and describe how much of each group is allowable for a balanced diet.
 I have to admit, your name is cooler, though.
 The name seems at odds with the emotion!
 Um, "love" is there and it's not actually about love at all?
 One problem!
 How are you going to convince people to use it?
 It just sounds like you're saying your name is "Hugga Bubba".
 Except Shakespeare did most of his writing before dictionaries!
 Yep! The earliest English dictionaries we've got showed up AFTER he started writing plays: it's one of the reasons he's had such an effect on the language.  He was around while the written form was crystalizing!
 Sure, maybe in some hyper-advanced future!
 *gasp*
 But where'd they get cement? That's a technology.
 So in your story, Adam and Eve hang out in paradise, alone, inventing cement.
 So you're in some sort of awesome pose?
 "I was vulnerable to the south pole though."
 But dinosaurs have only been around for like 160 million years!
 Sure, I'll give you that. Why make such a big deal about this though?
 Amazing!
 Have you covered the "flashback" yet?
 The flashback can be used to provide more detail about a character's motivation! For instance:
 Which theory?
 "A winner"? How do you mean?
 T-Rex, your house is on fire!
 T-Rex, you don't have any fire insurance!
 Maybe you're too old and cynical and embittered to believe in things like joy, T-Rex!
 The reason the word seems odd to you is that it is completely untouched by popularity or irony!  "Awesome" has lost all its power through overuse, but "joy" still means something!  I think perhaps you are a bit embarrassed by the idea of joy!  Maybe because you've never experienced it?
 Anyone could have come up with that!
 Wish fulfillment
 Are you doing anything tonight?
 Excellent! Shall we say, nine-ish?
 Again?
 Well, I think so, but say something sarcastic now and I'll tell you what it sounds like.
 Aren't you afraid?
 That - that actually sounds like a lot of fun.
 No she's not! You're in her way!
 I said, maybe you should stop being such a jerk!
 I agree!
 Ever read a little paper called "Non-Statistical Models for Unsupervised Prepositional Phrase Attachment"?
 That was me!
 It was some of my earliest work on head word tuples!
 Ooh!  Ooh!  Can I be your guest for the wedding?
 Awesome!  I've never been to a wedding before, much less a lesbian wedding!  This is exciting!
 That's not what I meant!
 T-Rex! The wedding is about to start!
 Great! Great! How do I look?
 Then let's go! I'll meet you in the third row!
 What are you talking about?
 The brides are gone, T-Rex! Remember when they ran down the church stairs while we showered confetti on them? They've left for their honeymoon!
 Right!
 You're saying that because sex is 'rare', it has increased value, and is therefore treasured unreasonably? 
 But don't you find that these things don't work in real life? I know I want my partner to be happy, but I also want all of his or her kisses.
 Why are you so interested in this, anyway?
 Did you see him last weekend?
 Well, let's just say that a lime green t-shirt coupled with electric blue shorts is not exactly the most stylish of outfits.
 I once read how to make a really good salad!
 You don't understand! It's a really good salad!
 T-Rex, where the hell were you?
 I cooked all day and you didn't even show up!
 No! You always have the big meal the night BEFORE Thanksgiving Day!
 You missed out!
 Wow! Can I see your pictures?
 Great!
 Awesome!
 Wow T-Rex, I can't wait to see those incredible pictures!
 You're talking about me again?
 Look, I appreciate the sentiment, but you've got to stop trying so hard. It's just got to happen, naturally, over time.
 Relationships take time and effort. They can't happen overnight.
 You can't threaten to eat your friends!
 Well, you CAN, but then they won't be your friends anymore.
 No! Because they will eat YOU and cut you up with their pointy toenails!
 Perhaps!
 T-Rex!  Don't stomp on her!  God damn it, I'm so sick of telling you not to stomp on things!
 Hmm... maybe I'll just stay home today!
 What do you get a fully grown Tyrannosaurus Rex for his birthday?
 What are you talking about?
 T-Rex, you left the burner on at your house last night and it burnt down.
 You have to admit you've got through a lot of houses lately!
 That's not a logical fallacy.
 Really?
 I've got a mystery I'd like solved!
 The mystery is how a gigantic green building-sized Tyrannosaurus Rex expects to succeed as a undercover detective!
 That's one mystery I'd like to get to the bottom of!
 T-Rex, you missed his birthday!  It was days ago!
 Yeah, that's the thing with birthdays: they only come once a year, and if you miss the day, you miss out!
 Working on costume ideas, I see!
 Well, good luck!  This year my costume is going to kick your costume's butt!
 I haven't decided yet!  I might go for a CONCEPT.
 I might go as "PLATONIC LOVE".
 A robot?!
 ERROR DETECTED IN COMPUTATION
 SYNTAX ERROR FOUND ON LINE 20: UTAHRAPTOR IS CLEARLY AWESOME
 WHAT?!
 First off, dressing up as a member of a RACE for Hallowe'en is insanely racist. Second of all, you don't have the skill necessary to pull it off!
 Oh yeah? Well if you're going as a Utahraptor, then I'm going as a T-Rex!
Utahraptor (as T-Rex): Trick or treat, or I'll stop on your house!
Utahraptor (as T-Rex): Thank you ma'am! I stayed up all night working on it! The vestigial arms are made of paper mache!
 Don't you take a day off?  Quit stomping on things!
 WHAT?
 What about us?!
 And I can't help it if you are a stupid dinosaur!  I wish I never met you!
 T-Rex, stop it!  You can't just go around putting words in people's mouths!
 Where there is lexical or syntactic ambiguity, you could argue that you are free to choose a preferred meaning - granted - but you cannot arbitrarily transform someone's words into what you want!  That process undermines the very foundation of language, as words are robbed of any fixed meaning, rendering communication arbitrary and pointless!
 I agree!
 I propose a rigorously defined language without syntactic or lexical ambiguity!
 I just won the lottery!
 Yep! It was on a SHARED lottery ticket that I SHARED with a friend of mine! Remember? The one you didn't want to SHARE with us because you wanted to buy your own?
 Now my friend and I are richer! We have more money!
 I've got one!
 Try to remember interesting stories about yourself. Having such stories close at hand allows you both to fill in awkward gaps in conversation, and also acts to give people a quick, hopefully representative picture of yourself!
 Have you tried reading multiple sources and, then synthesizing your own viewpoint?
 You are reading about polygamy, after all.
 You know "more than one partner" ... "more than one book" ...
 Polygamy!
 That was awful poetry!
 All you've done is throw some stupid words in a stupid framework! It's so stupid!
 Rrr! Just thinking about how bad that poem was is making me angry!
 That poem was so BAD!
 How could you make something so crappy?!
 Then you bring it all to a boil, reduce heat and let it simer for 20 minutes!
 I make this dish all the time! It's great when served over rice, and feeds 2-3 people!
 Any final comments, T-Rex?
 You can't honestly expect to get results by walking around shouting for "fine new sexy ladies"!
 Hmm...that's true.
 Alright, continue shouting! I wouldn't want to support a sexual DOUBLE STANDARD.
 Want to go to the cinema, son? "The Mark of Zorro" is playing!
 The one that symbolizes our family: each precious family member connected to the other? The necklace which, if one pearl is removed, is shattered forever? Sure, I don't see why not!
 Clark?
 Oh - ha ha!  For a second there, you looked like him, only without the glasses!  
 Stop!
 You have retreated too far into the realm of fantasy and have forgotten that I did not in fact expire in the shower!
 Hey, good buddy!
 Great! AND, I finally thought of the perfect answer to the question you asked me, two week ago!
 "No"!
 It doesn't work on yellow, right?
 That's pretty weak.
 You are incorrect! The phrase comes from olde-fashioned steam-powered trains!
 It's true! Basically, the engines had two weighted balls, attached to a vertical shaft that was connected to the engine. As the engine speed increased, these two balls would be raised higher because of centrifugal force! At top speed, they would be parallel to the ground, nearly touching the "walls" of the shaft!
 Wait!
 What if this sense of disenchantment came not from a flawed world, but rather a growing realization that they themselves are flawed? Nothing's more depressing than realizing that you can't live up to your hopes, that you'll never live out your dreams, that you probably let those you care about down, everyday!
 That's it?  That's all you have to say?
 Well, there's not really much for us to talk about, is there?  You had a dream that may have been crazy, but you don't remember it.
 Whoo!  Let's get this conversation started!
 That sentence is stupid!
 What I'm SAYING is that nobody would ever say that. They'd say, "The horse that I raced past the barn has now fallen over"!
 Only if they were incurably insane! Do horses even fall over?
 Aren't you describing an addiction to drugs? Something that makes you artificially happy?
 I guess
 What's the deal with this "American Thanksgiving" holiday you invented, T-Rex?
 Sounds great! I'll bring some of my famous pumpkin pie!
 You can never have too much pie!
 Well look at it this way, T-Rex! What's more important in a song: the words or the music?
 See my point?
 Why so glum?
 Nostalgia for the present?
 I'd be careful with that, T-Rex... nostalgia can be a powerful drug!
 How come all your fantasies involve you becoming fantastically rich?
 You know, pirates weren't the romantic figures you think they were. They raped, murdered and ruined lives! Just because they had (admittedly) awesome ships doesn't make them good role models!
 Hey, butthead!
 Why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here?
 How can you act like this!?
 Well, it just seems that this kind of activity isn't how your parents raised you to behave!
 What would your father say?
 Hi, T-Rex!  Do you have any personal stories of your youth you'd like to confide in me?
 These stories wouldn't happen to be FAKE stories, would they?
 T-Rex! Were you going to tell me fake stories?
 You were!
 That's a matter of some debate!
 Yes, some would argue that you are in fact a cold-blooded being!
 Um - you know... people!
 Just this guy I know, alright?
 Yeah, it will probably cause a mistrial!
 Yes! They'll say, "Objection! Witness is causing a mistrial!"
 "Additionally, witness is clearly not an awesome dude, as awesome dudes need not point out their own awesomeness!"
 But where does love fit into this system of Objectivism, T-Rex?
 Well if everything is viewed as a business arrangement between traders without charity, then how can you have love? Love is selfless.
 Well, what's an example where the middle ground is not correct?
 Sounds good to me!
 That's not very helpful, is it? You're just adding the same adverb over and over again!
 So, no woman would sit around while you said "really really really really" for two hours. Anyway, after the third 'really' you move from "emphatic" to "damn creepy"!
 What larger trend are you possibly talking about? The trend of theatres being full?
 A metaphorical sense.  What metaphor would that be, exactly?
 I'm sorry, T-Rex, I really don't follow.
 No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency to inheritance: like produces like is his fundamental belief.
 Doubts have been thrown on this principle by theoretical writers alone.
 Hey, I had a dream about you last night, only you had my mother's body, and, um-
 Father's genitals.
 Uh
 You're going to be giving out presents, T-Rex?
 Awesome!  What am I getting?
 Is it a... DOG?
 Is it a... SANDWICH?
 What's the matter, T-Rex? You seem preoccupied.
 How can a one-day-old holiday have a true spirit?
 We'll still know it's you who put the presents there, T-Rex!
 So, if it's not the anonymity you want, why are you going to all the trouble to sneak into our houses?
 This holiday of yours seems to have spread a lot of goodwill!
 Wouldn't it be great if EVERY day could be Dinosaur Present Day?
 Speaking of which: thanks for the portrait! It's a very good likeness.
 Well, do you floss after every meal?
 That's very sad.
 Ooh! T-Rex! I know the longest word in the dictionary!
 "Smiles"!
 Because there's a "mile" between the first and last letters!
 Ooh! T-Rex! I know the longest word in the dictionary!
 "Smiles"!
 Because there's a "mile" between the first and last letters!
 T-Rex, your history lesson has no value!
 Because you're not giving any real information, just general trends!
 I'm sorry, but I don't think you'll make a very good history teacher.
 Hey, that sounds like a great idea, T-Rex!  Let's make resolutions for each other!
 No, it'll be great!  Do me first.
 Come on!
 They use boxes!
 That's silly.
 Hello. Would you like to hear a joke about dinosaurs?
 Here is a joke about dinosaurs: What makes more noise than one dinosaur?
 Two dinosaurs!
 No you're not!
 "Tweens" is a totally illegitimate word! Older children are either adolescents or teenagers. No "tweens".
 "Tweens".
 Can you taste it on your tongue? "Tweens".
 Manospondylus G.!  Want to go out and get hammered?
 Great.  Me and my wife'll meet you at the Nisti Drinker, say, around seven?
 Eve!
 You're not writing to another teen magazine, are you?
 Eve! The whole world doesn't need to know that stuff!
 I'm totally breaking up with you, Eve! For real this time!
 Why are you listing things that don't exist? You could be here, literally, forever!
 But people will always be coming up with new things that don't exist!
 Ebenezer, I am the Ghost of Christmas Past!
 No. YOUR past.
 Your welfare - take heed! Rise, and walk with me.
 If youth is so great, how come you're wasting it, T-Rex?
 You are! At this rate, the only memories you'll have to fondly look back on when you're older are those of walking around and saying how great it is to be young!
 Off to the beach?
 Mind if I join you?
 Let me go get my swimming trunks!
 To swim in?
 No! I'll be right back.
  I feel your technique isn't one for winning arguments; rather, it's one for losing friendships!
 First: Annoying your opponent doesn't mean you've won.  Second:  You can't "win" a friendship.  It's not a competition.  There are no winners or losers.
 So - what?  It's a machine that is happy?  A happy robot?
 That - that IS pretty cute!
 But what happens if the happy machine fails?  If it breaks into pieces?
 There's no way that would work, T-Rex! No way!
 Alright! Hmm.. well - "together you and me could be so special matey"...
 "Hush little matey/Don't you cry"...
 Ma ma ma ma matey / Don't you forget my number!"
 Hey, T-Rex!
 I was just babysitting my adult neighbor. But then I realized: wait,  you don't babysit adults! You only babysit CHILDREN!
 Oh, I know it!
 Easily!
 Here's why: it implies that being your friend is somehow deserving of recompense. You insult yourself, but you also insult us, because if we were truly your friends, we wouldn't want prizes! The fact that you are offering them implies you think we'd take them, which implies that you think our friendship is insincere!
 T-Rex, you have cooties?!
 Ha ha, nice try! We all know that you're the one with cooties!
 I don't know...seems to me like you are!
 Unfortunately, your reasoning is flawed, T-Rex!
 While you may well be the authority on all things T-Rex, this does not mean that people should accept your judgments without question!
 Nope! Even authorities must justify themselves!
 Where did you pick up a word like "whore", T-Rex?!
 And- you know what a "whore" is?
 T-Rex, a whore is someone who has sex for money.
 Let's have (emotionally speaking) consequence-free sex!
 Please!
 Hmm... I think so, as long as you'd let her hold it open for you.
 Well, has the book been published?
 So? Problem solved!
 I'm disappointed, T-Rex! You're not living up to the possibilities of your decision!
 Yeah, you could completely subsume your personality and only do what people tell you to do, thereby becoming the ultimate personification of society, and, likely, a very poignant example! Instead you're framing your questions so you do what you want to anyway.
 Give it a break, T-Rex!
 Your catchphrase is not only annoying, but OUT OF DATE.  You should find a more modern catch-phrase!
 Like... I don't know...
 "The ravages of puberty leave no-one unscathed!"
 T-Rex! Science tells us everything is relative!
 This means that there is no such thing as truth! Your idea of what is right could be just as good as mine!
 I had a crazy dream once!
 I had this dream where I was playing basketball with Bill Cosby.
 He kicked my ass!
 I'm afraid your reasoning is flawed T-Rex! Fatally flawed!
 Well, say when you're a kid your father builds the house you live in. You'd give him the credit, right? And say that you're older and NOW, you understand how to build a house. Can you then conclude that your father didn't build your childhood home?
 The answer is "no", T-Rex!
 Run away!
 Remember? The dead have come back and are harassing the living! They want to eat our brains!
 Ooh!  Ooh!  I want to be a superhero too!
 I'll be The Raptor, and my ability will be to sneak up behind you, jump on your back, hook my claws into your flesh, and tear you apart!
 Oh!  And the Dromiceiomimus can be my sidekick!  We'll have our own base!
 I think you may be on to something!
 Oops! My mistake. I'll shake your hand right now! Ready?
 Okay, hold out your arm!
 Hey, T-Rex! I wanted to ask you a question!
 Oh!
 Great!
 Well! I guess you've got no need for me then! I GUESS I'LL JUST GO HOME AND DIE ALONE!
 Then why are you stomping on that woman?
 You're not supposed to go around killing people if you're a Buddhist. It's the first of the Ten Precepts!
 I think it's pretty clear that you have only the most superficial grasp on the philosophy, T-Rex!
 Perhaps culled only from cartoonish stereotypes!
  Why?
  Yeah, "why", as in "why move away and start life again?"  What, did you commit some horrible crime?
 So - what? You enjoy the irony of the word, T-Rex?
 Sure! It's great!
 Super!
 Well then!
 The futility of life?
 I've got a great domain name for you!
 Hey, T-Rex!  Beautiful day, isn't it!
 Ice cream night?
 I'm there!
 T-Rex! Wait up!
 You were a bit boring, so I went somewhere else!
 Ha ha, just kidding. I went to get some smokes.
  It's MY choice, T-Rex!
  So don't get all holier-than-thou on me!  Maybe I just like the taste of nicotine!
 Maybe a little!
 Not to say that smoking is great, but I too only smoke the occasional cigarette when I've been drinking! There's worse things I could be doing, like murders!
 Who was right?
 Huh?  I don't hear anything.  Maybe you're going CRAZY, T-Rex!
 THEY READ THE PANEL!
 The next panel is the end of this comic, and there is a DINOSAUR at the end of this comic!
  You're forgetting one!
  - Bridges?
 Hey, T-Rex!
 I'm fine, fine! But it sounds like maybe you're a little late!
 That sounds like a pretty useless time machine!
 Besides, everybody knows that the smart way to build a time machine is to spend your life building it, but then have your future self send it back in time to you right now, thereby saving you the effort! You've been wasting your time!
 This sounds like fun, T-Rex!
 Flattering? What if everyone writes the same complaint?
 Yeah, what if we all say "He's good, but he smells funny on Tuesdays?"
 This sounds like fun, T-Rex!
 Flattering? What if everyone writes the same complaint?
 Yeah, what if we all say "He's good, but he smells funny on Tuesdays?"
 Hold it!
 Does not seeing everything through the lens of economics ultimately reduce all relationships, in fact all of life, to mere line items on a hypothetical statement of earnings?
 What the hell are you doing?!
 I thought your "day of rage" was yesterday.
 T-Rex! Give me all your money!
 Maybe this mind-control ray I've hidden in the palm of my hand will make you change your mind?
 Hey T-Rex, are you sure it was just a dream?
 Well, you look quite plasticineish to me!
 I'm not, you should take a look in a mirror!
 My skills are ill cause I predate time! Ain't no mics been invented to amplify my rhymes!
 That is certainly true!
 Dammit Rex! That cabin belonged to a well-respected businessman!!
 That's it Rex! You're a loose cannon and I want your gun and badge!!
 You're suspended - indefinitely!
 Hey T-Rex, it's almost noon. You hungry?
 Hmm...
 Say, what do you think about stomping on some houses and stuff?
 Okay, hold it right there, you impostor.
 Gotcha!
 I think she's right, T-Rex.
 The question you have to ask yourself now, is which of the four walls did you break?
 WAIT.
 That's not an alternate universe, that's "Law and Order". And it doesn't have anything to do with stick figures.
 Really! How much thought did you put into stepping on that woman just now?*
 What about the discrimination? The female lions aways have to hunt while the men sleep.
 Exactly. They totally avoided the subject. 
 Well, I do hope you've learned something from this unfortunate episode.
 Hold it!
 Stop!
 Don't you realize that by going on this tirade you are not only revealing the "fourth wall" of this strip, but coming of as a phony who criticizes the very flaws he indulges in for comic effect?
 What is it?
 Where are the leaves?
 No more weeping!
 Looks more to me like a bush.
 A bush.
 There's a real gay looking Josie and the Pussycats type background too!
 We've broken free from the endless cycle! From here on, anything can happen!
 what?
 why not?
 oh...
 sorry
 sorry again
 aaaaah!! we're moving!!
 I'm scared!!
 we're going to die!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
 how's that?
 oh...
 so it's ending now, right?
 please hold my hand, I'm scared!
 Huh?
 It was a pretty good... stomp... I suppose.  But you're not the greatest T-Rex.  That title belongs to Steve on the other side of the river.
 T-Rex, that sounds like an ad slogan, not the name of an organization.
 Something more official sounding would be better.  Might I suggest "Biscuits and Gravy Associated"?
 That's not what driving a car looks like!
 Watch this!
 You can't apply ideas from FICTION to your own life!
 It's not canon anymore?
 Your theory has appeal, T-Rex!
 Sure!  It seems rational, plus it gives up hope that we could design a computer with a consciousness and - dare I dread - a soul!
 Sure it is!  If you're hung up about consciousness, consider it to be emergent behavior!
 T-Rex, do you want to come over this evening to watch a movie?
 Oh "#8211; thanks, but never-mind. I had one of those before, and it turns out the magic was in me, all along.
 Do I detect a note of melancholy in your voice?
 I do! Sometimes, I feel like my youth is slipping away from me, like I should be doing more...
 There you are, you jerk! You ate all my cookies last night!
 I didn't invite you over to eat all my cookies, T-Rex!
 I'm not going to enjoy it with you when you stole all my cookies, you scallywag!
 Ooh, do it on me! Pretend I got a new shirt or something!
 Oh wow!
 You chop up two potatoes, two tomatoes, and one onion, and throw them all in a pot!
 Then, you add about 3 cups of spinach, and 1/2 cup of water, and maybe a few chopped-up chili peppers if you like your vegetables like you like your women (spicy).
 And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
 "Well..."
 And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
 "Well..."
  To the last, I will grapple with thee!  From hell's heart, I stab at thee!
  That's right Kirk!  And though I may think, tactically, in 2 dimensions, I can still destroy your precious Enterprise!
  Then I'll engage the Genesis device and blow us both out of the sky!
 No!
 I've always seen you more as representing the essential struggle between man and his darker half.
 Seconded!
 I'm T-Rex and I demand instant gratification!
 Hah hah hah! It's good gossip!
 I'll go on a bike ride with you, T-Rex!
 This is once race you're going to lose, T-Rex!
 Your poetry sounds a little political, T-Rex!
 But is this poetry contest for political poems or for, you know, poems about the sky and how magical it is to wake up in the morning?
 Well, isn't this what you wanted?
 Why? You're living every teenage boy's fantasy!
 You haven't thought this through! You're just interested in fisticuffs because of the name!
 Well, you know that you need bigger arms than yours to box with, right? You need arms like mine!
 Agreed!
 And since the Dromiceiomimus and I already know what's going on, we can help!  We should make it a block party, and invite everyone!
 Bad news, T-Rex: we don't have any cups!
 Oh no, I didn't check in there. Hold on a second.
 Yep, here they are!
 Got any new jokes, T-rex?
 To clean up the beer; yeah, I get it. That's not a very good joke, T-rex!
 Hey T-Rex, I left some music at your house!
 Glad you liked it!
 Great!
 I know!
 Wait!
 The idea of a soundtrack to a life is a stupid idea. You're just going to come across a band of musicians that wants to follow you around?
 What about you, T-Rex? What did you do for YOUR mother?
 Aww! That's cute!
 Talking up the word bicurious again?
 For someone who says he isn't "bicurious" you sure spend a lot of time talking about it!
 Damn it T-Rex, you're obsessed!  You want your "bicuriosity" satisfied?!  We'll satisfy it right now!
 There!  It's done!  Now you can stop talking about your damn bicuriosity: it's satisfied!
 Ooh, can I come along on the adventure through time?  Please?
 Sure!  Fine!
 But T-Rex, you really got my hopes up!
 I guess I just got swept up in the enthusiasm.
 Oh well.
  Good morning, T-Rex!
  I wouldn't be allowed to.  But, I would get drunk once, and start asking you why it's taking you guys so long to come up with flying cars and robot suits.
  Yeah, they're like these giant robot suits that you can strap yourself into and-- 
 T-Rex?
 You
 pulled
 up to a house about seven or eight and you yelled to the cabbie, "Yo homes, smell you later!"?
 What are you talking about, T-Rex?
 But the number of people who would be interested in this is small, is it not?  Small enough to be limited entirely to yourself?
 That's not funny, T-Rex! It's tragic!
 Yes, death! Would you find it so funny if you died?
 My friend, I'm afraid you've gone insane! You're coo-coo crazy!
 You're talking to yourself like you are two different people, and it is a societal norm that people who do that are insane.
 Hey!
 Not much!
 Yikes! Count me out!
 What is your bluegrass band called and what instrument do you play, T-Rex?
 You mean you sing the lyrics.
 Stop eating my food, damn it! You have the ability to go find your own nourishment!
 Yes, you, T-REX. Somebody's eaten my food and whenever that happens it's always you.
 I can tell because all the cookies are gone, but you left behind anything with vegetables in it!
 I notice you're using the past tense!
 You're experimenting with using inappropriate verb tenses.
 You'd get more emails if you sent more out!
 Man, I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox! I meant REAL emails.
 You'd get more emails if you sent more out!
 Man, I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox! I meant REAL emails.
 That's pretty clever, my friend!
 Since she's an Indian dinosaur, she cant help but have anything she eats become Indian food!
 Clever!
 I mean it, that's really clever!
 What's with you, mister?! All you hadda do was hold him just for a minute!
 Okay, but with great power comes great responsibility!
 Hey, I heard you were pissed off!
 Do you want to talk about it?
 What's your opinion on the issue, T-Rex?
 Really! That's quite restrained of you.
 I have ample kite-making experience!
 The interest dates back to my childhood!
 There you are! I need my gardening shovel back.
 Wrecked what?
 That's a stupid game.
 Indeed!
 For instance, my mother was left, at the age of 22 and with two children to care for, by a sometimes-abusive, always-absent husband.
 I know this may be sexist, but I don't believe a woman is capable of such neglect.
 You've got a pretty high opinion of your wit, T-Rex!
 Yes, as usual. What if I made a stinging insult in your direction - would you be able to come up with the perfect rejoinder?
 Well then, how are you going to answer ... THIS!
 Good one!
 What?
 I have no idea what you're talking about!
 Well, what do your rooms look like?
 No: you haven't invited me over since you got your new place.
 To see generic rooms? No thanks!
 Hey T-Rex!
 Listen, I was wondering if you -
 Um, listen, I-
 ... so, um, I was wondering if-
 But we'd be stuck in a certain time period, because people would never die!
 Sure...
 Post-war nuclear paranoia!
 Cut! Cut, cut, cut!
 It was awful! Look, I know you're trying your best, and your my friend, T-Rex, but you didn't even memorize your lines!
 You didn't! Look, it's my movie, and I'm going to put the Dromiceiomimus in the lead.
  Good sir! I pray that you stop!
  I ask only for your attention, for my sister is deathly ill with the cholera!
 And you believe people will fall for this, no doubt! 
 Oh, that's clearly a cardboard cutout. 
 See, that's clearly you standing very still as IF you were a cardboard cutout. 
 This certainly is a lot of talk about credit cards!  Aren't there any more pressing issues, T-Rex?
 Oh, like, I don't know... WORLD HUNGER?
 Interesting!
 Your self-vocalized musings provide the perfect segue into my announcement that I have discovered a way to travel between universes!
 Just watch!
 All I have to do is concentrate, and...
 I object to the fact that this includes chicks, but excludes dudes!
 That's super cool!
 It's the beauty of life, T-Rex! You can't really know anyone, even in the present, except for yourself!
Well, it might as well be, since it's all we've got.
 I'm the one who's been working against you in the faculty! Please accept my apologies, T-Rex!
 I see now that I've been petty and unfair and all I really wanted was to have a little of your attention.  Can you ever forgive me and let me admire you from a distance?
 T-Rex, stop! you cannot invoke pragmatism itself as an argument!
 Any pragmatic view must still be rooted in an idea of what's good and desirable. Stating what does and does not "work" is not a moral and philosophical passkey!
 Oh, I see. "Questioning everyone's motives but your own" mode today, huh?
 That's silly! Bangladesh isn't even on the shores of the Pacific.
 Morbidly funny image, though - makes you wonder what they were all doing there.
 T-Rex! Exciting news!
 My uncle left me this treasure map which shows the location of buried doubloons in relation to several carefully placed log cabins!
 Let's go look for them!
 Sigh.
 You're assuming that no voice is better than another.  But it's perfectly natural to seek variety of expression within a set format, in the arts as well as in life and society!
 The totally unpredictable is also void of interest!
 Yes, quite right!
 This is because many of the innovations in his Analytical Engine, such as conditional branching and a separation of processing and memory, were left to be re-discovered by a new generation of pioneers!
 Hey! Where have you been all week?
 Really! So I'm talking to the new improved T-Rex?
 Y-You don't-
 Self improvement isn't a trivia context, T-Rex!
 You seem a little less persuasive than usual!
 Perhaps it's because instead of arguing a point, you're just asking us if you're right?
 T-Rex, is that you?
 Uncanny! I seemed to have switched places with my mirror-universe alternate! 
 T-Rex, you've got to stop the madness that seems to grip this Universe! There is another way to live: a way based on peace and mutual respect!
 I don't have a goatee! That Utahraptor has moved to... Good God! He's in my universe!
 Somebody stole my bike, T-Rex!
 Well, with God on the case, it will be returned for sure! One giant hand reaching down from the sky, with bike, coming up!
 Your movie sounds awesome!
 But wouldn't it get a little repetitive?
 And?
 I am forced to disagree with you, my friend!
 I think that you're omitting many dimensions of song. What about the way it's played, the lyrics? These too can be varied almost indefinitely.
 So copyright las is in a state of self-contradiction!
 That's really cool!
 I know!
 Sure, all you need are sychronized timers! Send one bit to say 'start counting' and a second to say 'stop!'
 Yeah! Then all you have to do is count the amount of time between when you got the 'start' and 'end' bits, and that's your number! Transform it into binary code, and you've got your file!
 Ha ha, I knew it! I am the smartest dude!
 No there's not!
 Yeah, why do you watch the credits?
 Man, I hate to stay for the credits!
 This is why we can't see movies together!
 T-Rex, this is insanely sexist!
 Besides, I like my women like I like my databases!
 I heard you lost your voice!
 Little does who know what?
 Ah, the old "culture by association" trick!
  Oh boy, are we telling math jokes?
  Oh, eigenvouch that I do!
  Ha ha!  You know, some people say pi r squared, but I know they're round!
 Wait, what were you saying about pre-packaged sentiment?
 Were you perhaps implying that the emotions of someone who feels he can't properly express them are somehow less valid than those of someone who can?
 Well, good! Cause that's wrong!
 No you're not!
 And you should stop saying that, because saying life is a neoclassical pastiche is ridiculous, and nobody agrees with you.
 Fine! Let's do it right now!
 Excuse me! Everybody? Would you say it's true that life is a neoclassical pastiche?
 What you're doing is wrong!
 Makes sense.
 Maybe you should write something about it!
 Sometimes writing lets you explore your feelings better.
 This is not much help to people who do not have such coquettish flair!
 That's your advice.  "How to meet women: use the Internet."
 I can teach you how to dance!
 You're getting better!
 So, T-Rex! How did it go?
 No, that's wrong. I taught you the dance moves.
 T-Rex?
 I'd like to, but I don't believe in your God! I think he's all in your head.
 Daydreaming again, I see!
 And no doubt turning what's clearly a global disaster into a chance for sex with multiple partners!
 Don't I know you from somewhere?
 Emerson High, 1975: you were in my class.
 Mrs Fitzherny?!
 Well, who are you talking about then, T-Rex?
 Yeah, but you were complaining about ex-girlfriends in front of a woman whom you've dated in the past! That's not exactly a recipe for social harmony.
 This seems awfully close to ethical relativism!
 Well, aren't you saying we can't judge historical figures in a modern context, because they lived their lives during different times? But then what's the point of having our advanced modern ideals, if we can't apply them? I think we SHOULD be able to judge historical figures!
 You, ah - you seem a little more vehement than usual, T-Rex!
 Sounds like you already have your own idea of what the future will be like!
 What's with the sexist language, T-Rex?  You're all "great MEN, cultured MEN"!
 Well, if I were a woman, I think I'd be a little offended
 Hey, I'm happy!
 This is because I believe we're here in order to be witness to Creation. What greater purpose could there be, than to be the eyes and ears and souls of a Universe?
 What if there was someone exactly like you in every way, only HE didn't get sunburns?
 Well, let's be glad no such person exists then!
 Hey T-Rex, what's your favourite cross-cutting technique of all time?
 Well, how -
 I think she's got a point, T-Rex!
 Too often we support something just because it's new, and forget that if an idea or process been around for a long time, that's usually - but not always, granted - because it has something to offer.
 Fine!
 You didn't really eat them, did you?!
 T-Rex, they're hermit crabs!  HERMIT crabs!  They live in whatever vessel they can find, and if you eat them, they'll take over your body as their new home!!
 What do you want?
 Yes, it does.
 God damn you, Evil T-Rex!
 *hugses*
 Hey no problem. I actually meant it to be anonymous but I click too fast and didn't actually click the box I thought I did. Oh well.
 You just defined fatalism... despite your best efforts not to!
 You just did it again!!
 T-Rex! Don't stomp on her!
 You keep going back one day to tell me that stupid pun, but I'm never going to laugh!
 T-Rex, you have to make your readers feel scared! You just can't tell them they're scared.
 It's a "Choose Your Own Adventure" book?
 We are in danger of flunking most heinously tomorrow, Bill!
 Party on, Bill!
 T-Rex!!
 The school is burning down! Quick, we need your help to fight the fire!
 Hey, T-Rex, I've a favor to ask! Can you tell me when seven minutes have passed?
 Good! My Kraft Dinner is ready!
 It seems like a really crappy ending to me!
 Is it a metaphor?
 T-Rex?
 Who were you talking to, just now?
 I'm not sure we'd even be able to UNDERSTAND a joke God would make!
 You might want to hold off on that trip for a bit!
 Like most things taken from another culture, haiku have been transformed in their assimilation. You should know that a simple 5-7-5 syllable structure does not a proper haiku make!
 Goodbye, Evil T-Rex! I'm returning to my own Universe!
 And then, just as fast, I was back here again... back in my own universe!
 Nope!
 It's good to be back!
 I disagree with you as well, my friend!
 T-Rex, your relationships with women have been characterized by confusion and misunderstanding and briefness, and AWKWARDNESS, as far as I can tell!
 If there's one thing you know, it's not women!
 Where is your place of origin, youngster? By what means were you cognizant of my need for you?
 How were you aware of the extreme extent of my desire? How were you aware that I would offer my affections without hesitation?
 Yeah, this is even worse than a break-up email! You have to at least compose an email.
 Me too!
 What's your new pet's name, T-Rex?
 Wow! Is he really that angry?
 I too would agree with you re: hot naked people, my friend!
 I too would agree with you re: hot naked people, my friend!
 You've outdone yourself this time, my friend!
 Well, you're raised pretty much every socio-reproductive issue in the book, and also RUINED THE LIFE OF AN IMAGINARY CHILD. 
 It can also be difficult to convince people you've traveled from the future!
 Be careful though! Overplay this, and you may become separated from your familiar world!
 Wait, what was this about me?
 Yeah, but are we talking crazy insane or crazy sexual?
 But you didn't tease this person, right?
 Well, that's good. I think people with cell phones get teased enough.
 Who are you talking to, T-Rex?
 What does God need with a cell phone?
 The sting of failed romance!
 I know it well.
 I too have consummated my love for my roommate of the same gender. Now when I see him (quite often, as it turns out), there is a tension that hurts me.
 Right here.
 T-Rex! It's me - I'm back!
 Hello! I had been in a mirror universe, where we all had goatees and were evil!
 Let me just say, "It's good to be back on Earth Prime!"
 Hey, what's so sensual about pretzels?
 No, really! They're dry and salty.
 I'm pretty sure you're the only one!
 Did you think maybe they just found the right person?
 Yeah, maybe they know what they want, and that's to share their lives, and a beautiful child, with each other!  
 Congratulations on publishing a book of your story, T-Rex!
 Congratulations on your book becoming the entire world's Global Narrative and Shared History, T-Rex!
 You're suggesting that a small town provides a "ready made" identity?
 Well, we all tend to define ourselves with or against something: a home town seems as good a thing as any!
  Hello, son!  You look a little upset!  Is there maybe something personal you want to tell me?
  Son, I - 
  I still love you!
 You look troubled, my friend!
 T-Rex, it's just a daydream! Don't worry about it.
 Fine!
Utahraptor [[interrupting]]: May I?
 May I answer the question?
 You know what? Don't mind if I do!
 Well, there are valid and invalid generalizations, my friend!
 Well - it's hard to remove the "human factor" from any evaluation like this.
 Hah hah! Of course!
 But without money people would still trade!
 AND, currency is just an abstraction of trade!  One unit of currency equals three goats, for example.  Some form of money develops naturally from trade and is thus, I think, pretty much inevitable!
 Ah, but this electronic communication can take away from face-to-face interaction!
 Actually, it does "#8211; because they"#8217;re not the same thing! Online, if you don"#8217;t like someone, you can ignore them easily and completely. But in real life, you have to talk to people you disagree with or dislike all the time! I"#8217;m worried the skills for dealing with such people will become ATROPHIED.
 Hello!
 You as well!
 OK!
 So...
 I'm leaving you!
 Well what's the stereotype that applies to you T-Rex?
 And you recognize the double standard here?
 Umm, you're packed and you're stacked (specially in the back)!
 Brother, wanna thank your mother for a butt like that!
 Can I get some fries with that shake-shake booty?  If looks could kill, you would be an Uzi.
 I don't know, sounds like you think women are a threat!
 Hey T-Rex, is it sexist in here, or is it JUST YOU?
 But T-Rex, no matter what you do, you lose!  Economics teaches us that there is an opportunity cost for every action.
 And so by "snoozing", you are "losing" out on the chance to do anything you could have done - cure cancer, perhaps!
  But feeling depressed might encourage you to go out and improve yourself, so bad emotions are good too!
  That
  That's not really a theory, T-Rex.
 Oooh! Hey, I've got some questions!
 You're out of control!
 So what show is it about?
 You didn't.
 Brightly coloured fall leaves, being gently covered in snow!
 Yeah, but that image is complicated - it additionally includes both aging and menopausal issues!
 I've heard other people doing this before you, my friend!
 Oh no, no, that's true! I just thought you were implying it was your own linguistic invention.
 Yes!
 I don't know if there is, T-Rex!
 So you become a dentist?
 Moi, je suis un loup-garou!
 Oui, je suis un loup-garou!
 Oui, je sais!
 D'accord, mon ami! D'accord!
 Ewwwwww!
 "All up in my earhole"? That's disgusting! "Earhole"! Man! Friendship annulled! You're gross!
 And this is where, once again, social constraints come into play!
 Yep! If you don't like it, go live on the moon!
 That's good, but this definition seems a little unnecessary!
 Well, people know what politics are, and "world politics" is just a straightforward application of the adjective.
 Well, you're in luck! I ran into one of the old neighbourhood kids today!
 Yes! Remember that little red-scaled dinosaur you had the biggest crush on?
 Well she's all grown up now!
 Well, you're in luck! I ran into one of the old neighbourhood kids today!
 Yes! Remember that little red-scaled dinosaur you had the biggest crush on?
 Well she's all grown up now!
 Wow! These small changes in semantics (he meaning of a word or phrase) are quite interesting!
 But hard, too.
  Whoah! That's some unrestrained ego you've got going, my friend!
  But not all women are alike! I bet you some women like a man who is a push-over.
  I find that disgusting, yet can't articulate why!
  I'm a  man, and I don't know what Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 is either!
  I bet it has something to do with ladies acting improbably!
 Everything's fine, except now Kayleigh dropped out of school to become a prostitute!
 Okay, everything's fine, except you accidently killed Kayleigh's little brother Tommy! Whoops!
 So what does this mean?
 But circuit-SAT can not be solved quickly.
 Normally the saying is only applied to BAD things, T-Rex!
 Well, okay, but nobody want to invite someone to a wedding whose toast is going to be "This too shall pass"!
 Aw man, these all sound disgusting!
 Hah, it really is! "Uvular ryoma".
 Hah hah! Gross!
 "When I woke this morning, my thighs were slick with ryoma"
 Okay, you've lost me: how is wasting food manly?
 Like flipping plates of food onto the ground?
 You assume there exists an answer to such cosmic questions!
 What about the whole idea of "the only questions worth asking are those that can't be answered"?
 Something like, "too bad we'll all be dead"?
 Why are you talking like that?
 Like you're trying to lead someone on, goading them into burying you alive. 
 And this freaks you out?
 Oh my God!
 What's going on?
 Hah hah!  I did NOT!  What would that be, anyway?  You both on your backs, slapping your legs together in the air?
 What are you so concerned about?
 It was just a wacky slip of the tongue!  It's funny - this one time in high school, a friend of mine meant to type "I raised my HAND to block the sun" but instead wrote "hind", and since he wasn't the slimmest guy... oh man!
 Good times, good times!
 Wait, let me talk to you before you go too far with this!
 Well - it's just, you tend to take ideas to comedic extremes. So I just wanted to make sure you remember that you shouldn't dismiss the opinions of others entirely!
  You have not!
 And let me just say: thanks, T-Rex!
Utahraptor (off-panel): That doesn't even make sense!
 Hey, T-Rex!
 Huh? Oh, April Fool's. No, I just wanted some help moving something heavy.
 Oh.
 Ok.
 You know what? I bet it wasn't even very crazy!
 Was it very crazy?
 That's pretty crazy!
 But what if there's no food, and you're hellishly starving for an eternity?
 Well, I don't see why not. 
 Is it because those blurred faces remind you that no matter what, the past can never be completely known?
 Early photography does have its own sense of sad nostalgia, doesn't it?
 You can't do that, T-Rex!
 Says LOGIC. Think about it: if you did that, then where did the idea for the invention come from? You didn't have it, and now the future inventor won't have it either...
 Yes!
 Word has it you're bragging about going to bed early?
 But why? Usually people brag about awesome things, not lame-o things like going to bed early.
 Why would you ever want to be on the cover of a magazine?
 Well, if that's your idea of fame, why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover?
 Aw, no, no! Not that teen magazine idea again!
 Why would you ever want to be on the cover of a magazine?
 Well, if that's your idea of fame, why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover?
 Aw, no, no! Not that teen magazine idea again!
 I get it! You intend to express all that you are through art!
 Oh man, I want in! Let's make a documentary about our lives.
 "If he worked as a chipmunk"?! Your wit seems a bit off today, my friend!
 That doesn't make it good though! Lots of Christmas themed stuff is REALLY BAD.
 That's not a job!
 So why are you raging here against people on the internet? Why not post a scathing reply online?
 Aha! You just used the wrong "its" there, my friend!
 Wait - I take it this happened to you recently?
 Well, it looks like we've got a Christmas Mystery on our hands!
 I'm sorry I was ever mean to you in the past, T-Rex!
 You are an awesome dude and we should play beachball sometime soon!
 Yep! I'd love to play beachball with you.
 Just say the word!
 Alright, I'll bite: what's "Quebec style"?
 I'm not!
 Wrapping gifts can be a complicated issue!
 Sure it is! Do you stay traditional and wrap presents nicely, in fancy paper - this can carry a lot of meaning - or try a more modern, environmentally-sensetive approach?
 Or maybe something just a LITTLE bit classier.
 It's over now!
 "Live every day to the fullest"?
 Are you sure that's a good attitude, T-Rex? Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to fulfill it!
 It's common knowledge who said it! Sheesh! GEORGE SANTAYANA.
 Attribute carefully!
 But not all arctic exploration ends in cannibalism, T-Rex!
 You're just thinking of one or two famous instances! The problem is that nobody ever remembers when the food DOESN'T run out, the times when nobody ends up getting munched on.
 T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
 T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
 T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
 Okay T-Rex, I'm not sure what's going on here, but without verbs we cannot run or play or smile or even be!
 We can certainly sexy, that's true!
 How come these things always happen to you?
 Well, I'm just pointing out that across all these wacky situations, you're the one element of continuity.
 So what's the secret?
 Really?
 Aw man, way to ruin me for any doctor! Now I might have a respiratory problem and I'LL NEVER KNOW.
 Hey, here's a friendly tip: you shouldn't try to impress women by bragging about how much you can eat!
 Amusing?
 Hello!
 You as well!
 OK!
 So...
 I'm leaving you!
 Hey, YOU look like you're feeling a little disillusioned about film!
 There's so many bad everythings!
 Your medical secrets were much more compelling!
 Lame!
 I guess there's consequences to breaking confidences, eh T-Rex?
 He may be unaware of certain pertinent pieces of information, and he may not be urbane...
 So you want "natural" dialogues in your constructed fictions?
 Man, never-mind!
 Hey, T-Rex?
 Wow, that's crazy! I'll come back when you're less INSANE, because the second law is still really important!
 Who are you talking to?
 Man, you've got your own personal theology going, eh?
  Oooh, boo on the last line of your song, my friend!
  Yeah!  The story was holding together pretty well until you got to that point, but cold showers make you feel old?  Not really!  They wake you up, mostly.
  On the other hand, I thought "feeling blue" tied into the water theme well!
  Hey, anytime!
  Wow, you sure got shot down there, my friend!
 Whoa!
 Holy shit!
 T-Rex, we were fools!  The Earth's core has destabilized because of us!
 Maybe!  I've got a better one anyway.
 Come one, come all to the Circus of the Improbable!
 So what's the hook? As science fiction, where's the thinly-veiled social allegory to our world?
 But then how would he know when the light is actually on?
 Whatever became of this woman?
 T-Rex, guess what?
 My brother is going to be a daddy!
 Wow, I had no idea you were so fascist!
 "Hey everyone, look at me! I'm T-Rex! My truth is the right truth!"
 Sounds like a fine line to me, my friend!
 T-Rex!!
 Dude, keep your voice down! What's the big deal? I could hear you a kilometer off!
 So? You don't need to shout it!
 Who's inane?
 At least he's not tricking you for your soul!
 I don't think you do! I think this is something which almost by definition is unknowable for you.
 You'll never know!
 Mind describing this "loophole", T-Rex?
 Wait, WAIT! We'll never be able to become unfrozen, because that action requires time!!
 That's the best example you can come up with? Scrabble?
 I'm not convinced that such small events can have that large an impact!
 The first of your "amusing observations" seems almost reverse sexist!
 Well, you're making jokes about men, but that's because they're the safe target! They're usually seen as having power in society. Would you make an equivalent joke about a woman?
 I'm pretty sure you could avoid this if you wanted, T-Rex!
 "Thrust"?
 You're not impressing anyone, T-Rex!
 You think that if you shout "woo!" enough, a party will form, don't you?
 Well it won't work! It takes more than shouting "spring break" and "woo" to make a party happen!
 Wait - just a few months ago you told me summer was your favourite season!
 Could it be that you've been LYING to us, and that you don't really HAVE a favourite season?
 I hope so!
 I'm sure you'd make a great parent, T-Rex! I can imagine you running around with all your kids behind you, teaching them how to stomp on things...
 5 little baby T-Rexes, each with their own pair of cute little arms!
 So the past is an illusion, eh?
 Yet we're having a conversation and you remember what's going on!
 This is a stupid theory! It doesn't get you anything!
 Isn't that kind of a jerky thing to do?
 More than perhaps! Lots of people just use Valentine's day as an excuse for spending time with their sweeties, commercialism or not. Nothing ruins a romantic evening like a T-Rex barging in and calling it a corporate-sponsored fraud!
 Hey T-Rex!
 Huh?
 Oh! Oh man - that is an awful joke!
 In fact I did! Did YOU know that some enthusiasts subscribe to magazines focused on their particular enthusiasm?
 So let's hear some of this amazing book!
 Whoah, what?! T-Rex! That's awful!
 Uh...T-Rex?
 First of all, you're hardly qualified to talk about proper posture. Yours is awful! Second, what's the deal with you talking about how ladylike your ankles are? That's just weird!
 Whatever. I'm outta here.
 Still figting ninjas t-rex?
 Wow, I thought you'd never finish fighting those ninjas!
 So what are you going to do with your life now?
 See?
 Being mauled by a Utahraptor?
 I'm just sayin'.
 I really don't think you can turn the relative beauty of weather into a dramatic event, T-Rex.
 Wait!
 You're ignoring some of the immediate consequences of your actions.
  What?
 Wow - you're really afraid of those cute little guys!
 I thought cephalopods were underwater animals!
 Well, maybe they're friendly! Maybe they just want to be your friend?
 Hey, do you think these recent events in your life could be an allegory for racism?
 And "some of your best friends are raccoons and cephalopods", right?
 Hey, are you going around telling people stories?
 These wouldn't happen to be URBAN LEGENDS, would they, T-Rex?
 T-Rex, you're talking about how sensitive you are while simultaneously stomping on things!
 You don't look very sad to me!
  Are you listing things that you find nostalgic?
  But doesn't it take more than simply listing old things to really be nostalgic?
 Talking to the Devil again?
 Well, have you tried getting rid of him?  Hey T-Rex, isn't it great how the Devil is PRETTY LAME?
 They'll still get spam?
 I guess so. Anyway! Let's go play TOUCH FOOTBALL!
 But I have proof!
 uh
 well
 i know that it's green
 Looking for a pet?
 I have no input of value relative to this specific situation.
 T-Rex, did you ever think that maybe they're just as scared of you as you are of them?
 Seriously! You could be quite imposing to someone who doesn't know you!
 Does this work for "woman" too?
 That's your call, I guess!
Utahraptor (Not seen): By the way, "man naps" sounds pretty suggestive!
 You don't have any idea what post-communism is, do you T-Rex?
 Are you really interested? Is this your way of showing interest? I could tell you all about it if you want.
 But what if you ended up being sad?
 Yeah, what if you ended up being sad? It would be so tragic, especially if you had been pretty happy up to now! You'd feel - and you'd KNOW - that one day it's all going to go horribly wrong.
 "I bet shew was a good kisser, huh?"
 "Was it nice?"
 But it's understood that people will try to be polite, so this insincerity is okay!
 Not really! Since there is always SOME doubt as to whether someone is just being polite, one can always take something as a compliment!
 That's a pretty sinister name!
 Really?
 That's a pretty suspect saying, don't you think?
 Seriously! It's predicated on history always being a story of progression, with the future assumed to be a better judge of what's right than the present. I'm not sure that's valid! Plus, I'm certain there's things that have been variously judged to be good and bad at different points in history!
 Then I'd cancel our bowling plans on Saturday!
 Hello T-Rex! How are you today?
 Great! Listen, T-Rex, we've known each other for a long time, right?
 Right! Well, there's something I've been meaning to tell you - something I should have said when we first met...
 What are you going to name him?
 That's terrible.
 Excuse me.
 Listen T-Rex, are you really sure you want an Enemies List?
 Well - it just doesn't seem very charitable, that's all. Plus, if you need a list to remember your enemies, maybe it's better if you just forgave and forgot?
 I guess I just don't see what you gain by having such a list, much less a well-publicised one!
 Oh man, what if people continued skateboarding INSIDE of the crashing helicopter?
 Yeah, and when it crashes everyone thinks they're dead, but then they burst out of the rubble on their skateboards yelling "EXTREME!" and do ollies on the crumpled-up chassis!
 Extreme!
 This is a very common fantasy among children!
 Yeah! It's the idea that they're being watched on TV or by aliens or something. Not only does it make one feel important, but it's comforting to think that someone is there to share in your victories and defeats.
 What are you doing, T-Rex?
 Wow, that's pr-
 I - I guess?
 It's a very tricky question, and one that many people feel strongly about!
 Besides, even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self, all that gets us is a murky combination of influences, predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle.
 No, YOU the man!
 It's a very tricky question, and one that many people feel strongly about!
 Besides, even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self, all that gets us is a murky combination of influences, predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle.
 No, YOU the man!
 Sounds like you've got a lot of chores to take care of today!
 You're a good grandson!
 What? It's not excellent, T-Rex! It's bad argument technique!
 But that's wrong! Oh man, remind me never to debate you on the internet EVER.
 ENOUGH!
 Holy cow, T-Rex! I didn't mind you singing your song the first time I heard it, but it's been four days! Four days! TIME FOR A NEW SONG!
 But aren't some LVCs more acceptable than others? 
 It would be really nice to be able to measure that computationally.
 You both are crazy, and you both look fine!
 I'M the one who's putting on weight.  I'm getting old and chubby!
 Hey T-Rex, have you fed your dog yet?
 Did you remember to feed the dog?
 I don't think the world needs what you are offering, T-Rex!
 No, really! I don't know anyone who's ever been motivated by an insincere catch phrase. I think you need to get back to basics, if you're serious about this!
 It's a necessary tradeoff! Millions of people specialize and make tiny contributions to knowledge.
 This is true, but the older generation would always remain! If they became stuck in their ways, they might inhibit progress instead of helping.
 So are you concerned, T-Rex, that going shopping was your default activity?
 "Western man gets bored, goes and buys food he doesn't need."
  You seem unusually quiet!
  Who?
 So are you going to go? You are their neighbour, after all!
 I think maybe you should go! How bad could it be? They're your NEIGHBOURS.
 Wow, people are going to think you're an ass!
 No, not really! It's annoying, insincere, and unattractive! Nobody likes someone who is controversial just for the attention.
 I think that marriage is a very personal thing, T-rex!
 No, really! It's an expression of love, which is almost by definition inexpressible to someone else. Marrying young probably just seems crazy to you because you didn't meet the right person at that age!
 No no, you're pubescent as soon as the changes start!  That's how it works.
 Let's look it up in a dictionary! Then we'll see what's what.
 Fine!
 Go ahead!
  It's not going to work, my friend!
  T-Rex, as soon as you place the camera somewhere, you're making a value judgment about what's worth seeing and what's not.  You're privileging what's in front of the camera over what's behind it: that's political!
 I've never seen you do either of those things. Besides, if the biggest worry you have in life is glasses, then I think you're doing pretty well!
 Hmm!
 I didn't realize such situations occurred in real life... a young woman, engaged to be married to an older man, meets a dynamic young one and falls in love!
 I think that people know what the bases are - but if they don't, that's cool too!
 I don't know! I think it's because it makes the whole crass "how far did you go" talk a lot more adorable if the guys invovled are just making up what the checkpoints are as they go along.
 Yeah!
 Wimpy guys talk about a lot of things!
 Are you talking to the devil again?
 Hah hah, oh man! Everyone's played Duck Hunt!
 Man, leave her alone!
 Your attempts to help us are clearly causing more harm than good, T-Rex!  You see that, right?  It's like you're living out some stock sitcom plotline!
  I'm not sure what you're trying to argue here, T-Rex!
  Yeah, but - couldn't a machine intelligence just press some mental button to emulate a cool breeze or any other sensual sensation?  And since they don't really exist yet, I'm not sure why you're arguing small points about them?
 That sounds like a good start!
 What?
 Seriously, what?
 Some guy's parked car had its emergency brake fail, and it rolled down a hill and hit your house!  I think you need new siding.
 So what's the deal here, T-Rex?
 Yeah - is it like, a music student would have good rhythm or something, while a psychology student would know exactly what you want in a smooch?
 This is one weaksauce discovery, T-Rex!
 Well, sorry!  But come on, this is just a variation on scat, only for some reason you're limiting yourself to a single Mexican food.
  So what's your anger management technique?
  That's the most facile anger management technique I've ever heard!
 T-Rex, you're forgetting about Babbage engines!
 Exactly!
 I think I agree, T-Rex! This is the worst kind of kissing and telling.
 Yeah, it's kissing and telling years later, which, for serious, will not lead to good things.
 So what about relationships that can't be summarized into one word?
 They're "pretty okay".
 More casual, eh?  More like more casual KISSING, probably!
 You think it could be different?
 It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into this, T-Rex!
 That's advertising!
 Why all this talk about self-doubt, T-Rex? Are YOU self-doubting?
 Hah!
 T-Rex! Cut it out!
 You've got a song stuck in your head, great. FANTASTIC. But the rest of us don't need to hear it, okay? You can keep SOME things to yourself.
 T-Rex, bi-
 Man, you can't really believe in a "language organ" that makes communication innate.
 This seems like a position one would take only if one wanted to hear one's own voice, T-Rex!
 Come on! It only works if you make all sorts of assumptions, like, oh I don't know, that the ENTIRE UNIVERSE is deterministic and logical!
 Hey, let's go flip a coin to decide!  And then we can deduce the outcome by thinking about it!
 Aren't pointers programming tools, T-Rex?
 I too think these are pretty awful.
 Challenging how?
 Somehow I don't see this happening.
 Thoughts of mortality, I see!
 I believe that when we die, our bones will be transformed over geologic time into rocks, and that these "fossilized" bones will one day be discovered, reconstructed, and displayed!
 So I believe!
 What's up?
 Of course! I should have guessed THAT'S what you'd be doing with your time today.
 And while "wif" meant female, "wer" meant male!
 So "werewolf" is actually a more sexist word than "woman"!
 I don't really see h-
 Are you worried that you sound a little creepy?
 Walking around saying "girls are pretty"? I don't know! It's the sort of thing that everyone things but nobody says.  How would you like it if a girl came up to you and said you were pretty?
 There's probably more things that you can do in an airport, T-Rex!
 Man, we're dinosaurs! What the heck are we doing in airports?
 That's going to need some explaining!
 T- That's not an explanation, T-Rex.
 Pretension's pretty subjective, huh?
 One person's pretension can easily be another's well-argued piece of literature.
 That's probably why nobody's done it before.
  So if you were throwing a party, would you invite a taxi driver?
  So you only dislike taxi drivers when they're driving taxis?  Maybe you just hate the game, but not the player!
 Okay, what about the principle of semiconductors?
 There's a lot you don't know about semiconductors, too!
 But these "zombies" act human?
 So there's no real way to tell if anyone is a philosophical zombie. This is the same old "I'm only REALLY sure of my own consciousness" argument, only sexed up with the living dead!
 Not really! Philosophical zombies never even eat the flesh of the living!
 Hey, care to make it interesting?
 Five dollars! You're ON.
 I agree, T-Rex; I think you are to blame here.
 Yes, he chose to run away, but he made that choice because you didn't feed him for two weeks five days straight! God, just forget it! I'm so tired of your poorly-thought-out plans!
 I'm sorry we ever had a homosexual affair!
 I'm not really sure that I could invent anything useful, though!
 I don't have much of a great mechanical understanding.  could I design and build an internal combustion engine? The answer is no.  ALTHOUGH, come to think of it, I could invent modern foods like chips and poutine!
 Hey, how's the weather up there, T-Rex?
 I see.
 Boo on you, T-Rex!
 Man, nobody wants to hear "A Long December" by Counting Crows passed off as conversation. Yes, that's right! I've heard the song before! I recognize your CONVERSATIONAL PLAGIARISM.
  You know that Australia is really far away, right?  Super far?
  it's just - you're closer to outer space right now than you are to Australia.
 And that's sad, T-Rex?
 Okay.
 Have you ever met any asexual people, T-Rex?
 It's just - I can't get over the feeling that you're treating asexuality like an amusing trinket rather than a real sexual orientation.
 Such as?
 Well, I can see the use of "actress", because the gender of the person affects what roles they can play.
 Looks like!
 This is a pretty dangerous topic, isn't it?
 Well, isn't this one of those topics that you'd talk about with friends in private, but not while out in a public place?  You don't want people to think you're a PEDOPHILE.
 Hey, how do you know that that's what Dante was thinking?
 Well maybe he just decided to write a book that he entirely disagreed with.
 Maybe he was lying!
 Explain!
 Maybe you should find out what she's upset about?
 Stop it, T-Rex!
 Long enough! Look, about yesterday: I'm sorry I said what I did. I've just been a little stressed lately. Also, stop saying "wigged out". I know you like it, but it really annoys me.
 Thanks for an awesome weekend, T-Rex!
 Oh man, pass them over!
 Great!
 You can start by taking out my garbage for me, good buddy!
 Nope!
 Neat!
 But doesn't that imply any countries that don't have that desirable feature are worse off than Canada?
 That's okay, T-Rex.
 So what happens next?
 Then what?
  That's a pretty crazy theory!
  So phlogiston would have to have a negative mass!
 How does it restrict creativity?
 Wow, you really seem to care about copyright laws!
 Hey there, T-Rex!
 What? No!
 Hey T-Rex, do you want a hand?  We could do it together!
 While I do feel this project has brought us closer together, I don't think it's going to work.  Perhaps faster-than-light travel really is impossible.
 Do it!
 Man, go for it!
 Well, it is good that you want to find out more!
 I don't know much about it either, T-Rex!  I think you'll have to do your own research on this one.
 I've got a good one for the list!
 "I've always seen you as the mother I never had."
 Yeah, it works especially well if you say it to your girlfriend.
 It's a difficult situation for everyone involved to be in!
 I suppose I'd talk to both of the people to see what they'd have me do.
 Well, then, I guess I'd face a choice!
 Has this technique ever solved ANY of your problems, T-Rex? 
 But there are conseq-
 You're ruining the book for everyone, T-Rex!
 Or at least you would be, if your spoilers were at all plausible.  Nice try though!
 Aw man!
 Hey T-Rex, want to go see a movie with me?
 How was it?
 I got that, thanks!
 You were just looking for controversy, T-Rex!
 Looks like you blew your chances with us, my friend!
 "Indoor voice" refers to the situation inside a house, where others are sleeping and stuff! There's a whole context there, T-Rex!
 Y-you're not - 
 What are you talking about? You don't have a job in the first place!
 So get a job! Problem solved!
 Maybe you shouldn't keep so many secrets then, T-Rex!
 No, that doesn't really happen to me.
 Man, even if you were successful, I can just tell you'd screw up my timeline on me!
 Well, you should take me with you, so I can keep you out of trouble.
 I don't feel anything different - do you?
 But... MAYBE this is something we simply can't fully diagnose with our senses - maybe it's just too subtle!
 I guess it's worth a try! On three!
 Have you considered the meaning of your actions?
 Well then, allow me.  An all-you-can-eat restaurant, especially in a world where people are starving, is essentially immoral.  Besides, consider the symbolism of gorging yourself on more food than you actually need: of eating just for eating's sake.  Gluttony because it's affordable: what kind of
 image is that?  Plus, you can't ... such a restaurant ... if you don't ... cheap, it becomes All-You-Can-Politely-Eat, since you're trying to impress your date and thus you can't go all-out.  Food should be a delight, not a symbolic stop at a gas station.  I find
 I think she raises a good point, T-Rex!
 Yeah! In fact, I think this whole thing has raised a lot of questions. How did you even build a time machine in the first place?
 That's not an explanation! That's not even close to an explanation!
 T-Rex!!
 Man, leave it to you to take a great religion and focus ENTIRELY on the sexy bits.
 Whoah, I think you're putting to much into this, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but you're treating the actual libraries (plural) as a symbol, which only confuses what actually happened historically.  Certainly SOME ancient knowledge was lost, but I think it's disingenuous to suggest that its loss meant our development was set back thousands of years!
 It's a little weird!
 It's just that it's such an odd image of childhood, and that you came up with it before other more popular images, like splashing in puddles or whatever! Did you once memorably chase naked after a bird? Is that it?
 Explain!
 You're questioning the basis of science by postulating a non-deterministic universe.
 So does life, probably!  It wouldn't matter because we'd all be dead!
  Oh yeah?
  Well I'M so manly that I use my bare hands to pound them out from the other side!
 Hey, are we telling PROFESSION jokes?
 Okay, why do PROFESSION MEMBERS leave AND IDENTIFYING INSTRUMENT OF THEIR PROFESSION on the dashboard of their cars?
 So they can park in handicapped spaces!
 That's absurd!
 There's so much wrong with your theory, I don't know where to start.
 But you do admit you don't have control over the entire universe, right?
 Right! So part of your mind you can't control (your unconscious) must be at work there. But since you can't control it, it's effectively external, right? So the rest of the universe is still external to you! You haven't gained anything by imagining it's all in your head.
 You must realize that this isn't a fair application of utilitarianism, T-Rex!
 Yes! Although, you DO raise some of the fundamental problems with the theory: there's no pleasure calculus to measure happiness, especially not one that can take into account the long-term consequences of our actions.
 *ahem*
 I just wanted to say that I will always treasure the short time we spent together, and I hope that in time you will understand how I feel.
 Can I borrow a cup of sugar?
 It's a pretense for a scene of cooking-themed sex.
 So are we going?
 Well take me off the shelf and put me in a plastic bag, because I'm sold!
 I'm sorry too, T-Rex!
 I understand, and it's difficult to deal with! But sometimes actors do have to look the part they're playing.
 I fear this plan of absolute honesty is doomed to failure, my friend!
 I'm afraid so!  You'll either end up saying nothing at all, or run the risk of saying something that could be false when viewed from another perspective! Eventually you'll end up saying an untruth to SOMEONE.
 I'm wearing underpants on my head AND passing my driver's test!
 Isn't that SO crazy??
 You're going to be a crotchety old man, my friend!
 How does it feel?
 That's not necessarily the case, you know.
 I understand the concept, T-Rex! But while it's true that things with small probabilities would be guaranteed to occur, things with zero probability still wouldn't take place, even with infinite time! And I don't see how you're going to get around the entropy problem.
 Seriously, T-Rex. Knock it off.
 God damn it, you're making everyone angry.  Why are you even doing this in the first place?
  I think this idea has been put forward before, T-Rex!
  Yeah, the idea of multiple universes is so popular, I'm pretty sure EVERY theory that's at least borderline probable has been put forward before.
 What mde you think that was a good idea?
 Man, I remember that thermos! What happened when you opened it?
 Any particular reason your're talking about sociopaths?
 Ok-
 Geez, that was kind of rude, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but it was. Correcting people's grammar in conversation is difficult to do without sounding like a jerk!
 Did you just swear?!
 I don't want to hear it! No cussing!
 But you sort of blame the baby though, right?
 Hah hah, you hate babies!
 I find it pretty implausible that you'd return to a future where we all remember you just as you are!
 This is dumb.
 Which is, T-Rex?
 Man I'll leave you to it! I'm going elsewhere to have an INTERESTING conversation.
 Sure we can, T-Rex!
 This IS the danger in seeing kids as symbols rather than as real people who just want to pick up their own marbles.
 Ew, T-Rex! You don't know where that bug has been!
 Yeah, but BEFORE that, it could have been anywhere! What if it was a poo bug?
 This seems a little derivative, T-Rex!
 Come on! "Justin Case"? "Justin Time"? Those are old names that weren't that funny to begin with.
 And then?
 And you're hoping to avoid this by having Life Goals?
 Hey, let's start doing this right now!
 Okay! So, um... let's- fletcherize?
 Well - I was asking if you wanted to chew your food thoroughly, that's all!
 Well, to be fair, there's a difference between practicing eating and just doing many times over many years, T-Rex.
 When you're practicing, you're more aware of what you're doing, examining your own actions actions with an eye for improvement. It's a focus one dosen't have while simply eating as a matter of routine.
 Okay, how was your day?
 But maybe they didn't move, T-Rex! Maybe they just DISAPPEARED!
 They're a utopian society, right? But the term "utopia" is a neo-logistic pun in Greek! There, depending on how the word is pronounced ("eu" or "ou"), it means EITHER 'good place' OR 'no place'. In English the "u" handles both these sounds, so 'utopia' actually contains both of these meanings!
 How can you talk about vitamins when I'm having your baby?
 So you assumed! But, think back! Did you ever see me wearing pants?
 Did ANYONE?
 Okay, but which people?
 You've just explained the prank to both Dromiceiomimus and myself, dude! Do you have other friends that you're close enough to to LIE to them like this?
 Hey did I overhear that we're talking about feelings?
 Great - listen, I'm sorry I've been a bit snippy lately; I've just been a little stressed out about some things at home.
 Well, as I was saying-
 You're sure using a lot of qualifiers there, T-Rex!
 I bet if *I* did it, I'd be way more of a poseur than you!
 And how did that taste?
 Did you try them?  Did they work??
 How come you don't wear it?
 Talking to the Devil?
 Is that what they do in hell? Play video games all the time?
 Is this like infiltration?
 Count me in too! What could possibly go wrong?
 What's it like being awake for over a day?
 I think you're exhausted and can't recognize it.
 You're saying that if we had words for these things, people would think of them more often?
 Well, I agree, but I think you're confusing cause and effect!  As things become more prominent, they move to become words.  Like "electronic mail" becoming "e-mail" and finally "email" - that was due to email becoming more popular, not because people were creating the word in order to MAKE IT more popular.  You know?
 Are we seriously trying to come up with things that vanilla extract is symbolic for?
 Okay - why vanilla extract?
 Wait - are you really abandoning the ethic of reciprocity?
 What the heck's your problem, T-Rex?
 Pretty good.
 Hey, can you do "I wish I was never born"?
 Whoah, so instead of attacking the position, we attack the person?
 How's that?  You've been to the moon like two times yourself!
 Was there a real-life Confucius, T-Rex, or is he merely a convenient fictional device?
 Indeed!
 Oh man, those ad trucks piss ME off too!
 Not at all!  It's aggressive advertising that intrudes on our public spaces, and since it adds to congestion on the roads, ACTUALLY MAKES PEOPLE'S LIVES QUANTIFIABLY WORSE.  The time lost stuck behind an ad truck can be traced directly to some jerk who thought his message was more important than minutes from your LIFE.
 So wait, I missed it - what's your new book about?
 You're still on about documentary film?
 It is a great way to subtly undermine your subject without saying a word.
 The issue is that some think ID should be taught in schools as an alternative to evolution, right?
 Wait - T-Rex, you claim to hear the voice of God!  What does he say about all this?
 I think you'd still be able to see things, actually!
 Well, light can be thought of as a particle, right?  And so it's like - if rain was falling really slowly, and you were running throught it, you'd hit more particles than you would if you were standing still.  I think that's how it would work.
Utahraptor (off-panel): Aw man, that guy's a rube!
 You're late for class, T-Rex!
 You can't say that!  Class is important!  Class is really important.
 Hey, can I buy a compliment, T-REx? 
 Okay! What can I get for one dollar? 
 I want my money back.
 I've got one for you!
 How about you go TWO DAYS wihtout stomping on anyone or anything?  This is my challenge to you.
 I am Rose, your fated lover! Let us enjoy ourselves in this consequence-free environment!
 There's no time for that now! The ship is sinking and there are not enough lifeboats!
 I will float on this piece of debris, but I am sorry, there is only enough room for one!
 How slight a difference are we talking about here?
 Because a language is never passed down, just an approximation of a language.
Utahraptor (off-panel): Really?  You think the word 'tenet' is-
 Who is this "Timmy" guy?
 T-Rex! All you're going to do IN THE BEST CASE is ruin the name of real people called "Timmy" !
 Well, there's your problem, my friend!
 Yeah, but you shouldn't just have chicken for dinner, T-Rex. You need BALANCE in your diet.  Nutrition, man! You know about nutrition.
 How's that?
 So I'll be able to figure out q easily, knowing what n and p are, but this guy will be totally stumped!
 Probably?
 So you're left with paralyzed middle-of-the-road beliefs?
 Wait - you believe in racism?
 Could it be you have a CRUSH on flappers, my friend?
 And it doesn't concern you that you have a crush on an extinct social group just because of their sweet slang?
 Hey, I've got a great idea, T-Rex: let's get tattoos together!
 No, like we both get tattoos at the same time - for moral support.  Twin tattoos? You were thinking we'd each get separate halves of the yin yang symbol or something?
 Who's getting a secret?
 Hahahah! You get knocked down, but you get up again!
 I already sent it out over the news wires!
 T-Rex, I think I've got a stalker!
 Yeah, it's not actually that bad a deal yet.  This guy just calls me and tells me he knows where I live, and I'm like, okay, and then he giggles and hangs up.  I think he's new to this.  Sometimes a woman calls too.
 You'll miss out on seeing all the costumes of the kids who come to your house!
 You'll also miss out on the Hallowe'en party we're having after the trick-or-treaters are gone!
 Man! There's a reason adults don't go trick-or-treating!
 What the hell?
 First off, I don't know why you need egoism to justify the destruction you're going to wreak ANYWAY. Second off, egoism doesn't account for charity, unless you reduce it to 'good will in the bank', saved for some future benefit. That in turn doesn't account for charity seen in lesser animals, who aren't cognizant of such self-centered account-keeping. In conclusion: it's untenable.
 You know, talking like this risks backlash, T-Rex!
 Well, few people worry about having too many friends, and those who feel like they could maybe use some more friends might become resentful.  It's not the sort of thing you go looking for sympathy about.
 What was?
 That's so unlikely. It's such a weird thing to worry about.
 Hey, why are you setting up learning on your own and learning in a classroom as opposites?
 It's not you can't do both! Learning is learning, and some ways work better for some people.
 Where'd you pick up a word like "autodidacticism"?
 Is this a new kind of come-on for you, T-Rex?
 It is! I bet you're just trying to play "hard to get". And, actually, by announcing that nobody can kiss you, you imply that they'd probably want to kiss you under normal circumstances. You're just spinning your cold, using it as good PR!
 Nope!
 The Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation?
 I think that's the whole point.
 Well, what is it?
 You're right that is inappropriate.
 You mean I can go to Uganda and they'll understand me?
 That's corny, T-Rex.
 Seeya
 What does the girl represent?
 Your metaphors for changing seem to be a thinly-veiled attempt not to.
 What?
 OCD stands for "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder"! It means you are consumed by the constant need to do something, in this case, stomp.
 Holy Crap, T-Rex! You just stomped that house!
 I'd better run!
 Hey T-Rex! I know what's going to happen too!
 You're going to say something stupid and then naively play it off as though everything worked out in your favor.
 And why are you stomping the girl?
 It seems that all your stages of fashion involve stomping.
 Are you going to sneeze?
 You're going to sneeze!
 If you love him so much then why don't you marry him?
 You're gross. Bill Cosby is a man.
 But T-Rex, crushing things isn't fundamentally altering our universe.
 You're certainly changing your immediate environment, but to change the nature of the fabric of space time is far beyond our technological grasp.
 Hello there, T-Sex!
 So, how's the experiment going?
 Oh, well, you could always put your favourite food in your mouth and try not to chew or swallow it. It's possible to do this, but the desire to eat it is strong. Tada! Instinct!
 That seems more like an excuse for group sex than actual science.
 How's the mouse situation?
 Can't mice also live outdoors?
 What about an encyclopaedia?
 That's pretty close-minded, T-Rex!
 You shouldn't be so biased against them. They're really just collaborative storytelling with especially terrible PR and easily stereotyped players. But they're probably fun! I imagine!
 Nope!
 Which charity?
 Which charity would you donate to? Is it perhaps a charity dedicated towards RESUSCITATING YOUR DESICCATED CORPSE?
 This isn't a race, T-Rex!
 Fine then - I'm ending it!  I just thought it would be cool to have people working on reanimating our bodies when we die, but if it's such a big deal for you, forget it.
 It sort of sucks, man!
 The person who falls for this probably won't even realize they've had a prank pulled on them! And when they do, there's no moment of laughing realization, just irritation.
 The best ones do!
 Stop please!
 How the heck did you answer that genetics question just now? I didn't know you knew about stuff like that!
 My favourite food is - a secret!
 No it's not! It makes me a little more mysterious, I think.  It's like keeping your birthday a secret!
 Can we avoid this conversation if I say my favourite food is sweet and sour chicken?
 We've built a whole system around ethics and you're questioning its foundation!
 And we never will! What's to be gained from arguing fine semantic points of justifying MURDER?
 That's pretty sweet, T-Rex! But you don't think you'd get tired of it? Eventually?
 But then you'd always hit your head on the ceiling!
 Are you going to try mind-altering drugs because of peer pressure?
 But it's hard to find out more, as it's such a politicized debated.  Everyone seems to have an agenda!
 Did they have the groceries you wanted?
 I'm Utahraptor, by the way.  Pleased to meet you!
 This story sounds pretty morbid, T-Rex!
 True!
 I guess the only safe one would be if the paper said "old age".
 "Natural causes"?
 It's too bad you're not a doctor!
 There's been a few doctors who have died just after having said "stopped", which isn't that eerie until you're told that they were checking their pulse at the time.
 Yeah!
 The whole thing is so surreal, don't you think? The woman made a huge contribution to society just by getting sick. And imagine a new species EVOLVING from your body?
 The cells are called "helacyton gartleri".
 You're becoming a generic stand-up comedian!
 Hah, if you felt as serious about climate change as you do about the mall, we'd have that settled in no time!
 Does he like Asian cultures too, or just Asian women?
 Well, I'm wondering if it's purely a physical thing, or if maybe he's got this weird fetishistic cultural interest in Asian countries as well.  The whole "ooh, it's foreign to me, how FASCINATING and EROTIC" thing, coupled with a cultural conception that exaggerates the broad brushstrokes while ignoring its subtleties. 
 But T-Rex, you can't play the piano!
 Well, uh - it's just that your arms are too tiny to possibly reach the keys. I'm uh (this is awkward) - I'm sorry, T-Rex, but this is one dream of yours that will be thwarted by your own body. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Yeah!
 I was going to say how I regretted not doing anything with my family's garden this year, but Dromiceiomimus is a tough act to follow.
 So what's the story with this drug research?
 Oh well! All's well that ends well, I suppose.
 This is actually a pretty tricky question I've considered myself, T-Rex!
 Yeah! Because I wouldn't really want to be friends with a crazy racist either, but isn't that sort of just fighting intolerance with intolerance? The person was still your friend for years and years, so they're probably a good person, all the crazy racism aside.
 And do I owe you anything, T-Rex?
 That is such a made-up bet! I owe you zero cases of pop.
 And with that it becomes overused!
 Ah well, it had a good run.  Now onto the next new thing!
 Why's that?
 Some of them build cars, T-Rex.
 No presents, T-Rex?
 It's okay!  We'll be your friends even without presents.
 Plus it wouldn't even get used that often!
 The only time I can imagine using it is - well, when describing you.
 I don't think we can do that!
 Are you really into all your ex-girlfriends that much?  
 How excellent are we talking about?  I bet they were named "Cheeseball" and "Chuggy G".
 Wait, I'm confused.  Are you worried about not being rich, or about drifting to the right? 
 These are serious fears that will likely haunt you till old age, some of them no doubt blossoming into a startling and varied garden of regret!
 Stop it!
 T-Rex, you're just ripping off every movie ever made with computers in it. What are you saying that's new?
 What are you saying that's original?
 Hey, remember when years ago, you wanted to see the future?
 I was just lingering over breakfast when I suddenly recalled that entire conversation.  Isn't that wild?  And I realized that if I told you about it, this could be your vision of tomorrow: future selves recalling the past!
 I don't get it!
 Yeah, but you're not writing them down, so it sounds normal. Pretty normal, anyway. It sounds a little like you're speaking with a weird accent.
 Hey, can I bid some ANTI-DOLLARS on your pictures?
  Because if so, put me down for one million anti-dollars!
  Man, I'm bidding anti-dollars.
 But "begging the question" is mostly used today to mean "raising the question"!
 Well, I suppose that begs the question, T-Rex: if it's used more often to mean "raises the question" than "a fallacy of presumption", doesn't that suggest that the definition of the phrase has evolved?
 It sure is great that everyone everywhere has safe access to clean drinking water!
 I think if you REALLY want to show me up, your course is clear!
 I guess a lot of it depends on the faith of the people involved, T-Rex!
 Well, if you REALLY believe that by not sharing your religion, your partner is harming himself somehow (i.e., comdemning himself to a sucky afterlife), then you'd want to help him out, right? I could see that leading to tension, since there's not much room for movement there unless one of you softens your views.
 I'm not giving you double high fives, T-Rex.
 I've seen you look intrigued before, T-Rex, I'm sure of it!
 Um - geez, I can't do it on demand
 What almost happened?
 I think there's posters in the library warning about that.
 Sure they can, T-Rex!  You see new things, and there's danger.
 Man, some dudes are EXTREME!! enough to snowboard down Mount Everest!  There's a real chance you could be killed doing that, PLUS, only a few people have ever done it.  I'd call that "adventure"!
 I wish for more wishes!
 This sucks!
 What foods provide vitamin B12?
 What is the health risk of too much vitamin B12?
 Iskasht li pomosht?
 Ne ridigu min!
 I really don't think it would be that fetching a look on you, T-Rex!
 You really wish you were a hairy guy born a hundred years ago, don't you?
 I really don't see how you're getting this!
 Well it's just - if you were a dude dating, say, identical twin sister swim-team captains, I can imagine you reacting a little differently.
 That strikes me as an odd analogy, T-Rex!
 Yeah.  I don't - I don't understand what you're going for with it.  Why are you a girl?  And why would you compare puberty to a nightmare in the first place?  You've had some success with it.
 People have worried about this before, my friend!
 Well, what you're worried about is called the "tyranny of the majority", and it's usually countered by the observation that there's at least a push for minority rights being respected in a democracy, since we're all minorities in one way or another.
 Actually, I'd say most people like to do that, T-Rex.
 My favorite are the freegans!
 Close! It's where you don't eat meat unless you're given it for free, like from a dumpster. You prevent meat from going to waste, but you don't support its production.
 I've seen you eat fruits and vegetables!
 "T-Rex: Not A Pedophile (Just So You Know)"?
 How about "T-Rex: Your Shortcomings and Regrets, Personified!"
 "T-Rex: That Awful Taste in your Mouth, First Thing in the Morning"
 "T-Rex: Like Waking Up Covered in Someone Else's Blood, But In A Good Way"
 T-Rex, enough! Is this story supposed to have a case of the sucks?
 You're kidding me, right? It's stereotypical, but it's like you're not really sure what the stereotypes are. It reads like a parody where they forgot to put in any jokes! Also, is it night or day in the story?
 That's absurd, T-Rex!
 You're worried that there'll be a politician, an evil politician, and once you get a whiff of his chlorine scented ways your pupils will change into little cartoon swimming pools and you'll rush to the nearest polling station to vote for him.
 So plausible, T-Rex!
 Oh man, this is just another one of your dumb postal service conspiracy theories!!
 Don't what?
 Sounds like fun!
 T-Rex!
 I think you are overanalyzing this.  People change, that is part of life.  Just because we're in a state of gradual evolution doesn't mean we have no identity; indeed, that identity is probably what's guiding the evolution.
 Do you have a friendship crush on me, T-Rex?
 Oh no!
 Does reincarnation work on machines?
 No, I've just never heard reincarnation including things that, you know - aren't alive.
 They support the entire food chain!
 Even sunflowers? They tilt to follow the sun!
 A retraction!
 You love strawberries.
 Aw man, are you infecting us right now?? Go back to bed!
 Hah!  Nuh uh!  You thought you were bored resting in bed, so you'd come out out here entertain yourself by talking to us!  Meanwhile WE'RE getting disease all up in our trouser shorts.
 Hey, what's going on? Can I help?
 Okay!
 "Sorry!! Wrong number!"
 T-Rex - I don't think it's working out.
 Hey T-Rex! I've also got an emotional problem that needs solving.
 Do you know who really did invent the fire extinguisher though, T-Rex?
 Huh.
 Making fun of our fundamental flaws, are we? Classy!
 Not hardly! You can't deal with the "issue" of socialism by just summing it up in a few sentences!
 What?
 And what if someone wants you to be their valentine for real?
 Seriously! What happens if a gorgeous, intelligent, funny woman asks you to be her valentine tomorrow? Are you going to shoot her down because you're denying that Valentine's Day exists?
 So why does a super intelligent AI make predictions impossible?
 I think most dogs can do that with some accuracy, T-Rex.
 Hey, quit stomping on things!
 I said, "quit stomping on things"!
 *sigh*
 Screw you, I'm going home.
 You do know the two genres are closely related, right?
 ...drools?
 Why are we talking about this?
 Well as none of us can get pregnant because, oh hey, we're not female mammals, it's not something I'd expect you to worry about!  "I'd never want to be a dividing cell, because there'd be two of me and we'd be tiny."  "#8212;T-Rex.
 "I love the taste of chocochops!" "#8212;T-Rex?
 But that's more a definition of happiness than a guide to achieving it, T-Rex!
 THAT only works if you're euphoric whenever expectations are met.
 Do you think everyone wants to be remarkable, T-Rex?
 No!  I didn't mean to.  I was just wondering if you thought everyone wants to be unique, or if some can be satisfied with just a simple life, quietly well lived.
 Well, how did you make friends the first time?
 Hah!  Looks like you'd better be EXTRA nice to us then!
 So you'd move to a new town just to start a life of LIES?
 But instead of androids you'd have prospectors, and fake librarians.
 Like chocochops?
  What about people who are named for their species?
  You can Utahraptor something though!  Watch!
 We're out of our league!
 I know, I know! But it seems she's got a regret for every occasion. How can we compete with that?
 You sure know a lot about the history of hysteria, T-Rex!
 Hah! I might accuse you of that just for fun.
 I would like to extrapolate this up to the societal level!
 WELL!  Things are great for society but it sort of sucks for the individual, because we can flawlessly record and cheaply reproduce all transcendent artistic work.  So as an artist, you no longer have to be the best in your village, you have to be the best in the world!
 But - I suppose it's not quite as bad as all that, since different people DO have different tastes.  What was the name of this show you liked so much?
 Stop! I just realized humans and dinosaurs never existed at the same time!
 That was before you knew man and dino never coexisted! Your interaction could have dire repercussions.  It could tear apart the very fabric of space and time!
 Hey, who are you talking to?
 Really? Because it sounded like you were planning to STEAL THE PROTOTYPE KILOGRAM FROM ITS HOME NEAR PARIS, FRANCE.
 So let's hear what you've written so far!
 Hah hah!  That is definitely the worst poem I've heard all day.
 That's actually way better than the last one.
 My friend, you have to be WACKY to go on a wacky adventure
 I don't know - it seems like a TRULY wacky guy would just set out for adventure, planning be damned.  Hey - you know what? Let's just get up and go on an adventure, right now! You and me!
 Whoa, not everyone needs to fall in love!
 I'm serious! People get son hung up on finding "the one" that they forget everything else.  You  can have an entirely rewarding life without being "so madly in love" with someone! Close friendships and a private room can offer most of the things love does.
 You can stop calling  it that anytime, T-REX.
 Holy cow! Why would you build something like that?
 That's insanely dangerous, T-Rex! Geez!! I'm leaving. I don't want to be around a dude who has a LIFE-DESTROYING MACHINE nearby.
 Hey, do crying pills really exist?
 Anyway! I've seen you cry at movies.
 That's so manipulative, T-Rex!
 I don't know - I'm really not comfortable with such intent towards love! It all seems so calculating and shrewd somehow.
 It sounds like a fun story, T-Rex!
 Yep!  It's nice to see you writing a nice wholesome children's book for a change.
 This has actually been done before, my friend!
 Yup!  It is a growing trend in the "moribund set".  People get everything set up in advance!  You can even visit your own grave if you want - the expiry date gets filled in when you die.
 Not really, since there's nothing buried there yet!  It is pure FORESHADOWING.
  I somehow doubt that real bisexuals prefix all their words with "bi", T-Rex!
  How's that?
 Stop, you fool.  You'll ruin everything!
 With your knowledge, you can never again stomp the humans!
 There are friendships that go beyond this shared benefit, T-Rex!
 Okay - what about "best friends forever", the people in your life who you'll know will stand by you no matter what?
 How'd you hear a phrase like that?
 It does sort of suggest that if someone said just the right words to you, you'd become instantly paralyzed with a life-shattering fear.
 And - your metaphor includes stomping on women, somehow?
 To her.
 Hey, T-Rex!
 I'm off to construct private prisons in Africa on my own dime, giving me access to cheap forced labour! Then I'll sell the product of this labour at hugely inflated prices, thanks to a near monopoly I've constructed. I'll also use decades of ads to convince the public that this item is absolutely necessary to express true love.
 Hey, can I get in on this prank too?
 SWEET.  I'll come in wearing a moustache after you guys leave, but I'll just buy some milk!  That way, the guy at the cash'll be expecting me to hilariously buy some pornos, but no, I'll just buy the milk.  Maybe some cheese.
 Man, Superman could kill Batman before Bats even knew the fight had started!
 Only because you're assuming he's omniscient. The dude has to sleep! Sueprman could laser him from orbit while he's having nappy times.
 Sure he does!
 Every time he sleeps he puts a sign on his dor that says "Warning: Nappy Times! Enter only if you have a valid passport to dreamland!"
 How's that?
 Yep! That would be the end of you!
 Even if they're not thirsty?
 Imagine that!
 But what's the gameplay mechanic? How does it work?
 What do you actually DO in the game, though? Do I take my car on nice country drives? Give it drinks of gas and feed it nice oil treats?
 Hey T-Rex!
 Are you saying what I think you're saying?!
 You gave me the idea!
 Well, what's done is done. It's not as if you could travel back in time and stop me!
 And you're still stomping!
 I don't think that's how karma works.
 Throw who off which trail?
 Playing it cool, I see!
 Would you really have been happy if the car got stolen?
 Maybe the alarm came with the car?
 Nope! I've got nothing.
 One time I got a little lost while driving in a new town.
 And you could make it even sadder by turning the boy into a puppy!
 A puppy! My secret to sadness has always been to take something sad, and then imagine it's happening to a poor little puppy dog with a broken leg.
 So you're not going to do either of those things today?
 Ah well!  That's too bad.  Dromiceiomimus and I had some plans tonight to watch the sunset while quietly weeping.  We were going to invite you, but nope!
 And shaped rolls will make you rich and famous?
 Do people HAVE to choose a gender roll?
 But what if people call in with real problems?
 That's a really charming answer!
 What would?
 Is he talking about machine-aided runs where you slow down the game and restore, or unassisted runs?
 So - at the end of the day, what does this prove, T-Rex?
 Yeah, I mean, I get what you're doing, but what's the point?
 Hi T-Rex, what's new?
 Hmmm... no, but that sounds like a great topic for my thesis! Thanks for the idea.
 We're out of food!
 What will we do?  Someone will kill us soon to take our supplies and eat us probably!
 Obviously!!
 So what do you do when you want to give a loved one a present that is alive?
 Yeah, but they'll still die eventually! All that's changed is that NOW your sweetie has to care for the plants until then, as they represent your relationship in much the same way the flowers did!
 Man, that was ME you slapped in the face, T-Rex!
 It was only an "accident" after the fact.  Before the fact, you were like, "Hey, Utahraptor, I'm going to slap you in the face.  I have been planning this slap for weeks and only now does my plan reach fruition!"
 Semi-positive?
 Comedy ensues!
Utahraptor (offscreen): Whoah, did I say "comedy"? I meant to say "an encounter with prejudice about model minorities". 
 You're always all, "Feelings are boring.  Kissing is awesome!"  You should make yourself a shirt that says that and wear it all the time.
 I know!  That's totally why I'm suggesting it.
 I bet you like all your social commentary to incorporate endless hunger for the flesh of the living!
 PERSONALLY, I really like how when you wanted something zombies could show as "bad", you chose stomping on things.
 That's all you have to say about Occam's razor?
 Huh! Well, I mean - I agree. There's no reason to prefer a more complex explanation when a simpler one has equal predictive power.
 Wait, you were seriously planning that?!
 If you messed things up it would completely change the present! If her kids didn't multiply somebody else's would, and everyone alive today would NEVER BE BORN.
 Also, you want to chat someone up just because she's related to you? That's incest, my friend!
 And the only way out?
 Wow, you've entirely ripped off Hobbes' Leviathan, in which he says EXACTLY THIS.
 Actually I'm here to congratulate you.
 Since you proved time travel was possible, it doesn't matter that humans and dinos never coexisted.
 What???? You only went back three days!
 I think that you're being too strict about this, T-Rex!
 You're reading it as if there's one "true" person that "true love" can refer to, meaning that you've got ONE CHANCE for total happiness in the world, and loving anyone else is just settling for second place or worse! I've always seen it as referring to, say, how a wheel can be true, when it spins perfectly and doesn't wobble.
Utahraptor [[outside the panel]]: It has always been my special power!
 Hey, can we segue this into talking about disabilities?
 Okay nevermind!
 T-Rex! We'll be late for the movie!!
 Man, come on! It starts at 9:20 and it's almost nine now and it'll take us about twenty minutes to get there! The ads they play before the film won't last forever!!
 Theory: probably just an attempt to somehow pick up chicks by T-Rex?
 What chick? Where are all the chicks? We're two dudes and we're alone!
 What about people who came from eggs? Like, for example, EVERY DINOSAUR EVER.
 And your kisses are yolky?
 You can't really live your life in fear of bad things happening, my friend!
 I got that from context, yeah.
 No it's not!
 I actually think this has been done before, T-Rex!
 Like how Alexander Graham Bell and that other dude both independently invented the telephone!
 I don't do any of those things!
 Hah hah! Really?
 Have you bee talking to the Devil, T-Rex?
 Huh! This really sounds like something he'd come up with. Anyway, I'm pretty sure this would be sucky, because we'd all be in bed thinking "get up" and then thinking "I don't see 'up' here", and then thinking "get out of bed", "stand up", "and so on", until we hit the right syntax to get ourselves moving. No thanks!
 I've got my name picked out!
 My bike will be called "Susan".
 MAN. That's a good name too.
 I hear you want the internet?
 Well, you can't have it.  It can't be policed.  Infact, if you were even to put your ideas up on the internet you would lost control of them.  Other people would use them.  Change them.
 I had a weird dream last night too!
 I was a teacher with a student who kept handing in assignments late, ON PINK PAPER.
 Yeah man! And I think the student in question was - GREEN??
 This dream has taken a turn for the sexy!
 Hey!  You punch out turkeys?
 I heard that parents should lock up their turkeys, because you'll punch them out!
 So basically you're just asking people what they liked and what they didn't like? 
 I know I am.
 You're saying you wish more literature was like fairy tales?
 Well, instead of complaining about stories you don't like, why not write some that you do?
 Okay. I guess that's what I'm going to spend my life doing today.
 I think the strongest feeling is that of shame, T-Rex!
 Hunger isn't an emotion.
 We have, T-Rex! We have made all sorts of SCIENTIFIC discoveries.
 Civilization probably meant it personally too!
 Are you serious about this, T-Rex?
 Well, there are many ways of living, but those are lifestyle choices, not truths! All you're really doing is applying the label of truth to circumstances, desires and trends. The truths you're looking for are more universal, aren't they?
 What are they like?
 And menacing.
 Yep!  That's what it would be like!
 Yes my son?
 And a lousy penis too!
 But - how do you know to believe your evidence, T-Rex?
 Yeah, but this evidence must need justification to be believed.  So evidence requires its own evidence, and so you have an infinite chain of proof.  This spells disaster for you my friend!
 Then you have abandoned evidence for faith!
 You forgot to wear your stupid cape, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but I was never going to.
 T-Rex, you're just redefining "God" to mean "existence"!
 Right. Or more likely, you just want to say "I'M GOD AND GOD WANTS GODLY SANDWICHES".
 That's pretty sexy, I'm told!
 But he's not even biting the toenails of others. I'm confused on the economics of this. Is it - performance art?
 Apparently prostate exams are pretty important!
 True men can easily distinguish between such situations.
 Hey, is your friend alright?
 What happened?
 Well, most everything changes with time, T-Rex!
 I guess that's true, but I'm sure there are also "stupid people do stupid things" jokes that are pretty timeless.
 Hah hah!  Why'd he do that?
 Hey, nice move, T-Rex!
 No, I meant the whole "shift the argument to the future" thing, so that nobody can disagree with you! It was smooth.
 I dunno man!
 Which song?
 Then what happens?
 Maybe!
 But I honestly don't think you'll be that guy. You'll probably end up doing something different than you expect right now, but that doesn't mean you've FAILED AT LIFE.
 Stop stomping on things!
 I have always wanted to be a doctor; they are so honourable in my mind and do so much for people in need.
 So much.
 They are the most pure and untouched example of "good" that I can imagine. Furthermore...
 It's true.  There no room in heaven for foul lyrics and mega rock riffs.
 I'm sorry.
 If you want that sort of  thing you'll have to go to hell.
 No!
 What do you like best about visiting old friends, T-Rex? 
 That's great -  BUT WHAT ABOUT PEOPLE THAT DON'T HAVE ANY FRIENDS??
 Neither of those are actual afflictions, T-Rex!
 I think emotions are not discrete but rather a continuum, T-Rex!
 The emotions we have in English are just labels we've applied to a SPECTRUM of feeling. You can almost always divide existing emotions into smaller, more precise chunks! For example, your well-known satisfaction at eating cereal in the morning is an exact, identifiable, reproducible joy that I can only label "breakfast pleasure."
 I know, T-Rex.
 So you'd rather do your own thing than go on a big tour with a travel agency?
 So what's the solution?
 That last one sounds pretty awesome!
 Hey, where is she?
 Do you really feel this way?
 Well, actually, that's one of the things that first attracted me to you: your ability to IGNORE popular culture, your willingness to talk as if nobody's listening.
 Then what happens?
 Huh!
 Hey, your friend back there looks just like Edgar Allan Poe! That's crazy!
 T-Rex! He's right nearby! He can probably hear you.
 Hey T-Rex, what's up? You seem kinda - silent!
 Oh. Why?
 You prefer hidden talent to palpable failure!
 Well, why not just reframe them so they're talents that you HAD, but missed out on?  Like, you could have been a great soccer player if only you'd practiced when you were a kid.  So the talent's still there, it's simply your flabby aged and relatively enfeebled body that's no longer suitable!
 Ultimate Friend, close your eyes and tell me what colour my eyes are!
 Nope!
 Nope!
 Nobody's eyes are a chartreusey shade of puce.
 NO PROBLEM BUDDY.  I'LL JUST NEED A RIB
 SERIOUSLY.
 What about "Quai-Zhi"?
 What? No it's not. Too crazy is like, "fhqwhgads".
 Man, forget you guys! I'm done playing this game. I'VE got things to do today!
 I'M JUST BUYING GROCERIES
 I've got MY own problems!
 Was he an egg salesman, do you think?
 So people can bet in-game money to win real-life money?
 It really is an awful idea, T-Rex!
 So people can bet in-game money to win real-life money?
 It really is an awful idea, T-Rex!
 So you're using sexism ironically now!
 And you'd laugh if a woman said something similar, but at the expense of men, to you.
 Okay, T-Rex!
 All you're doing is talking about punch! Why not just go get some?
 Okay then!
 I would like some more examples from this prank!
 T-Rex! People often use Wikipedia as an important "first source". You'll confuse them so hard!
 Holy smackerels, T-Rex!
 In the first formulation, yeah.
 What if today really IS your most important day, and nothing memorable happens? 
 The next morning you'd get up and say, "Ouch! I must have been disappointed a little TOO MUCH yesterday! I'll have to go easy on the disappointment for a while!"
 Hey, whatever happened to Ben?
 Sounds plausible!
 Wait! Stop!
 T-Rex? Why do you have to be violent? You're already in everybody's bad books. Why can't you do something good for once?
 You could throw down over disgusting used Kleenexes!
 And yet, not really, when you compare it to, say, murderin' dudes.
 Poo bugs aren't an all-purpose revenge tool, T-Rex.
 It would actually be pretty neat, I think! You could see your changing responses and everything.
 Here is what I propose: you record yourself whenever you kiss a woman for the first time, and then when you're old, you edit them all together. A lifetime of work will lead to a memorable result!
 Your question is really two questions combined into one!
 Really!
 T-Rex, are you still punchin' children? Are you still punching them just to steal their ice cream cones?
 Why are you SO AFRAID of the truth coming out, T-Rex?
 So how's it going on the ol' "no more complacency" front?
 Time to reclaim your life of only a few hours ago!
 That's gross and confusing!
 See? See? That one only makes you sound like you're dumb and want gravy.
  Alright.
  I don't have any.
 Yeah, man! You should've totally built a robot suit!
 So now you're saying you regret your statue? Man! I'd like to know what your statue thinks about all this!
 So you'd never wish to have anything changed?
 I've sometimes wished I was more muscley, but that's nothing, because I could just work out if it was REALLY an issue.
 You're one of MY super friends, T-Rex!
 What narra-
 So what's the solution?
 Nobody wants to be Captain Suggestible!
  So you see Captain Suggestible as a tragic figure?
  Ah, you refer to last Saturday night when you went nude swimming "by accident".
 Hey hey hey!
 In Soviet Russia, inanimate objects step on you!
 Fifty dollars?!
 No, I won't lend you fifty dollars.  You already owe me like eighty!
 What's better than 128-bit encryption?
 512-bit encryption!
 Perhaps you didn't like it because it's too... CRYPTIC?
 So what happens when people start to call you, T-Rex?
 What happens when people start to call you? They'll probably be expecting some quick marital bliss for their $295.95!
 And I will learn Zulu!
 I've always wanted to learn a language nobody around me speaks and I like the way Zulu sounds.
 That only works if we're ultra popular, but we're just two dudes who decided in the past 60 seconds to learn some new languages for no real reason!
 Well, would YOU want to marry a beautiful and wonderful woman and stay at home all day?
 And raise children.
Utahraptor (off screen): Well, if you want to marry a guy who looks forward to "[making] bad decisions all day long", then yes!
 Hah! How many girlfriends were there?
 That's really odd, isn't it? What do you suppose it means?
 Who are you explaining the relativist fallacy to?
 What do you mean "that's it"?
 Well - you tried! You don't have to be a walking revelation factory.
 Perhaps it's beautiful that people would invent a truth serum but not a lie serum!
 Two ways! It's beautiful that we strive for a way to create truth, but not untruth; the other is a sad beauty in that there's no demand for a lie serum, because our bodies seem to manufacture it themselves.
 It tastes like raspberries!
 Hey T!  Did you hear that I'm going to be working at a golf club this summer?
 What about the time you built the Riverboat Shabby, T-Rex?
 This riverboat has so many holes, T-Rex!  It's so shabby!
 Now we're sinking because of how shabby this boat is!
 It is essentially awesome, my friend!
 Yeah! A combination of physical (letting the heavy bits settle), biological, and chemical means are often used. Sometimes they even create artificial swamps to attract animals that aid in the waste reclamation process!
 I feel the same way, T-Rex!
 I think you are an unfortunate victim without recourse of CURRENCY CRIME, my friend!
 The best you can do is report it to the police and be more vigilant in the future.  Unless you're willing to further the crime by passing it off as legal tender, I'm afraid you're out the five dollars.
 Are we to discount these people, though?
 Okay, but the fact is that if a given stimulus (game, book, movie whatever) WASN'T there, then they wouldn't have gone all crazy at the same time, place, or even at all!
 I was just preparing for Controversy Monday!
 Maybe it's the whole butterfly dreaming he's a dinosaur thing, T-Rex!
 Aww! You're cuter as a butterfly.
 There is if you imagine the debt in tiny butterfly dollars, each colourfully illustrated with even tinier butterflies and flowers.
 I like how you imagine everyone is so attached to their job!
 Yeah! It"#8217;s like you can"#8217;t imagine a universe where someone could be a dentist but not actually really be all that into teeth, or a cleaner who doesn"#8217;t despise disorder. Jobs are all done because of joy and intense personal conviction!
 That happens if these turn out not to be true?
 You guys never write things like "October rent"?
 "Non-negotiable" works in those situations too.
 So how do you become famous in the first place,  then?
 And I"#8217;m the guy who"#8217;s going to be asked to act like you"#8217;re famous?
 Wow, is that T-Rex. He"#8217;s the dude with the confusing allure, and I want to find out more?
 But if you can make the characters look even better, you get past that!
 Perhaps a powerful metaphor for LOVE?
 You mean face?
 Hah! I'll bet you five dollars we can't find even one porn site that's about heavy and light skulls.
 Me too!
Utahraptor and T-Rex: Let's never look at our bodies again!!
 Stop!
 Did you realize that you just laughed at somebody's house, car, + kid!
 Not every dude is inspired by that!
 I know!
 I'm not convinced that's fair, T-Rex!
 Yeah!
 Like, today, we think the universe is roughly spherical and finite.
 What's at the edge of the universe?
 A wall?
 Evil twins?
 We usually answer with "nothing", but I can see better informed but equally jerky people in the future making fun of us for this.
 I don't get why you're casting this in terms of a gender battle, but yeah- I'm with beards over babies too!
 Not to my knowledge!
 Oh man - you're going to say "brute force"! You're going to use the brute force approach!
 Man! That's lame.
 Can I tell people your story?
 Excellent! I'M going to shoehorn my own politics into your tale, reducing you to a mere representation of Heidegger and the story to transparent lecturing in which characters often break the fourth wall to tell my readers what they should believe!
 Lame! 
 Huh - not bad, actually! Do me.
 Okay I'm putting in my will that you can't ever do a video epitaph for me.
 Stop it, T-Rex!
 I liked it.
 Yeah, the only problem is there's absolutely no way to accurately judge merit!
 No way dude!  You'd have to know the exact skills AND future potential of EVERYONE.  If you had some omniscient and impartial third party then MAYBE, but you'll never get rid of cronyism when you have regular dudes trying to determine who's best.  There's too much potential for authoritarianism and corruption!
 Who'd be interested?
 Huh! I guess he surprised you!
 Yeah!
 Okay, you can lay on the crackers again a little.
 But only a little! We don't need a repeat of Problem 3 here. MODERATION is the key to a good diet!
 What problem is that, T-Rex?
 Okay, so let's hear it!
 Yeah. Let's hear this modern, sexually enlightened advice that applies to both lesbians AND dudes.
 That uh, that might not be the most helpful advice T-Rex!
 Well, if they're still in the Asexuality Closet, you're saying they should come out, which probably means explaining to a confused AND amorous person what asexuality is!  I can see wanting to avoid that.
 So you're altering your personality to suit - who?
 Man, you've got to keep exclaiming!  Exclaiming is who you are!
 Really!  Well, have you ever seen a Utahraptor... PUT HIS ENTIRE FIST INTO HIS MOUTH??
 So who was on the Sex Party Invite List?
 Good to know.
 But come on, even if free will is an illusion, it's a convincing one!
 So who cares if everything is predetermined then? If it's utterly convincing that I have free will, what does it matter if it's all predetermined? I'm still affecting events in ways I choose.
 That IS attractive!
 But I think you're ignoring the possibility that even just seeing this person could be too painful, shoe repair aside. That happens pretty often!
 My friend, nobody wants to put on a "Batman play"!
 How is that a selling point? If we were to put on a Batman play, we'd probably all want to play Batman. That is the essential folly of the Batman play.
 Cette danse n'est pour tout le monde, c'est SEULEMENT pour les personnes sexuelles.
 Oh man, I knew a guy like that!
 Yeah! We went to the same school.  He's the only guy I've ever felt that way about!
 Hey you! You've got a stupid face! I - I want to punch it!
 I get that a lot!!
 PLEASE ... SAY ... THAT ... AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 For when you... beat up women?
 You will be prepared if that happens! The only problem is: you're not Chinese?
 I, as well, am down with fall!
 Yes.
 What for?
 Can I come?
 I bet it will be, assuming you don't make "super" puns the whole night long!
 So it's just Hamlet?
 That one actually sounds really awesome.
 But men can still but regular costumes!
 I've seen a sexy giant ape suit.
 Do you even know any musicians, T-Rex?
 I see! You're going to befriend some musicians, purely for the hope that one day one of them will turn out to be a jerk and insult you and then you can use your elaborate zinger on them!
Utahraptor?: That's a racially charged insult!
 Aw, that's an old joke!
 I think it's funny because monks are normally thought of as holy, not as oatmeal obsessed OR oatmeal loathing!
 Oooh, juicy gossip! Let's dish!
 Please? Pleeeease tell me what you did that was so stupid?
 Hey T-Rex! What's new?
 Oh, same old, same old! "The good ol' bathroom sink", you know?  Good ol' reliable whitey!
 Whitey's hot and cold pipes got reversed!
 T-Rex, this is worse than taking on the mob! Wikipedia will be HELLUVA mad at you!
 But how are you going to get people to respect this idea? Plus, IS IT NOT TRUE THAT MANY WIKIPEDIA EDITORS ARE TRULY HUMOURLESS ABOUT WIKIPEDIA??
 Boy, George, you look a little gay
 What? That wasn't even your example!
 I WAS WALKING BY AND COULDN'T HELP OVERHEARING. You're all "here's an example of an awkward pause!" but then set her up to say exactly what you want! Also it didn't even work, because nobody wants chlorinated water in their eyes on a date.
 What? That wasn't even your example!
 I WAS WALKING BY AND COULDN'T HELP OVERHEARING. You're all "here's an example of an awkward pause!" but then set her up to say exactly what you want! Also it didn't even work, because nobody wants chlorinated water in their eyes on a date.
 And his name is - what, "Science Personified"?
 I like how you're ignoring the problems of being friends with him, like what happens if you're out with Science AND Religion Personified and THEY BOTH CALL SHOTGUN.
 They're all siblings?
 Well, it's not just about blame or credit, T-Rex, it's also about free will!
 Yeah, because if something important about you is fully determined by your genes, then you never had any control over that, and you're not responsible.  You didn't have a choice.  On the other hand, if you think babies are born as blank slates, then that's limitless personal freedom, but that has problems too!
 I call baloney, T-Rex!
 Nope, on account of how it's truly impossible to have a perfect copy of anything!  Philosophically: if I paint a picture and you duplicate it, I'll grant that they can be identical in every way BUT ONE: mine is the original.  That's a property that doesn't have a physical realization, so you can't ever duplicate it!
 What's this "lose at sex" thing all about?
 Right! Anyway, I'm late for work!
 So this acts to replace welfare?
 I can see fraud being a problem, though, especially since if the fraud's successful, the government loses real money.
 One wonders if our conversation today would be an appropriate epitaph.
 So when are you going to get married, T-Rex?
 Okay!
 Liquid heresy!
 I do think "nuts" can be applied to chocolate bars though.
 You're so crazy T-Rex!
 So what's so new about it?
 I still think they're jsut trying to be your friend. They like you!
 But wouldn"#8217;t it be boring?
 Sure it would! If you"#8217;re all "#8220;I perceive the world slowly, allowing me more reaction time"#8221;, wouldn"#8217;t this conversation be slowed down? Wouldn"#8217;t everyone look like statues and sound like dull rumbles when they open their mouths?
  Hah!  You're not a guy who understands emotions!
  Not really dude!  You understand how to make fun of them, MAYBE, but if I had a serious emotional issue, I don't think I'd come to you for empathy!
  No, I got that!
 Or just one more way sexual intimacy is commodified?
 I was more pointing out that you're the guy who's drawing the equal sign between doing the dishes and having sex. They could be unrelated!
 Hah! I think it's awesome you're still stomping on things, even with the rumour.
 Nope! I'm not really one for the destruction, plus, I don't have your ... PARENTAL ISSUES??
 So let's hear these bad decisions then!
 Kinda?
 I think I it's probably supposed to be different for each person, maybe?
 You - you want religious practices to be subject to scientific method?
 It has been unseasonably warm SINCE the snow, as well!
 You'd have little mittens attached with yarn through the sleeves so you don't lose them!
 It's been weeks, T-Rex!
 I think it's time to concede that you're not going to get the response you want from "play it by here" and to move on to bigger and better things.  None of us think it's that great!
 Hey, I'll send you a telegram, T-Rex!
 Sure! I won't do it now though because you'll be expecting it, but in a few weeks, months, or years, you'll get one!
 I'm surprised at you, T-Rex!
 You're basically sticking to the canonical five senses! I would have bet the first sense you'd give up is your sense of EMPATHY, or your sense of what's appropriate to say in social situations.
 Okay. Do you want to go get a pizza, T-Rex?
 Okay, but now you're stepping on one!
 I don't get why you're trying to say that though.  Have you been called misogynist lately?
 I heard you were making racist jokes?!
 Not being a T-Rex
 Your "wit"?
 Oh really?
 Ewwwwwwww!
 What'd she say?
 Hey, who are you arguing with?
 Wow! You're one step away from being a crazy person on the street, huh?
 You've done stuff, T-Rex!
 Who?
 Well, doctors don't wait until medical technology is at a peak before operating!
 Perhaps it's only through excavation that archaeologists learn how to better their trade.
 Or perhaps it's hard to admit that hypothetical future people would be more on the ball than you could ever be!
 Hooray for archaeologists!
 Maybe we should be more sensitive here, T-Rex!
 Besides, maybe the sender understands that you've both hurt each other in the past, but you're still friends, and he's glad for what happened, bad stuff and all. He knows you well and he's happy for that, and he cares for you in a way that's special and unique to you, history and all.
 I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging, T-Rex!
 Okay, so you grow up in the city, and the skyline is dominated by billboards, ads for products and brand you don't have access to. And you realize that nobody cares you you are, but EVERYONE knows who Mickey Mouse is and what a Coke is. So you create a brand name for yourself! You make up a tag and put it everywhere.
 Tagging can really be seen as the next logical step in ads: self-advertising! It can be seen as the price we pay for a culture that has saturated itself with advertising: individual brands, internalized campaigns of self-promotion.
 I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging, T-Rex!
 Okay, so you grow up in the city, and the skyline is dominated by billboards, ads for products and brand you don't have access to. And you realize that nobody cares you you are, but EVERYONE knows who Mickey Mouse is and what a Coke is. So you create a brand name for yourself! You make up a tag and put it everywhere.
 Tagging can really be seen as the next logical step in ads: self-advertising! It can be seen as the price we pay for a culture that has saturated itself with advertising: individual brands, internalized campaigns of self-promotion.
 So let's hear these other resolutions!
 Okay!
 Who's Tony?
 Oh!  For a second I thought you were describing me!
 Should we be talking about it like this?  Isn't that a little - crass?
 Yeah, but it's such a sensational disease!  Maybe we should - I don't know, try to be less sensational about it.  We shouldn't be making jokes.
 Man, I can't believe that worked!
 I know how smoochitis develops, yeah.
 Discomfort?
 Hah!  You're finally not sure your days of INSATIABLY COMPELLING HEDONISM are all you want?
 So he's got any power that can be described by an English adverb ending in "ly"?
 I see
  That's pretty patronizing, isn't it?
 Sure! You're saying "I won't tell you about MY amazing beliefs because they would completely obliterate yours!  Also: your religion is made of sand."
 You're coming from a medical perspective, right?
 The idea is that there's not too many diseases that can spread easily AND kill you overnight, because they're too effective: the infection wouldn't spread, and the disease dies.
 Huh?
 Patrick Stewart? Is he really that loaded that he gives money away for funny jokes?
 Hey, who are you talking to?
 Really? Because it sounded like you were planning to STEAL THE PROTOTYPE KILOGRAM FROM ITS HOME NEAR PARIS, FRANCE.
 Maybe even without mass, photons can still exert pressure!
  I think you'd need more than the entire output of the sun!
 I don't think he's home.
 Man, you weren't even doing it right!!
 Says me, T-Rex! Okay, listen, THIS is how you throw your hands up in the air. And watch closely, because I'm only going to wave them all around like I just don't care ONCE.
 Okay. Here we go!
 Hi T-Rex!
 Want to come over for dinner next weekend?
 So -- get to work! Get to writing!
 Okay, here: take something that's common to everyone, and present it in an empathic, sympathetic light. How about -- letting down someone you love! We've all done it and I don't think anyone enjoys it. There's pathos there.
 Do you have some sort of proof for this "short means key" view?
 Come on! That's not a proof!
 Yes?
 I think we've got physical limitations to prevent this!
 Okay!
 Done with which conversation, T-Rex?
 You know what turns me on?
 watermelons
 So what's in it, T-Rex?
 I'm just a LITTLE hesitant to drink something you mixed up at home, especially when you don't know anything about chemistry.
 But T-Rex, is it not ENTIRELY TRUE that these rides are illegal?
 Alright then!
 Well!
 You wanna get sandwiches?
 No what?
 Sweet!
 She does all my all my nautical engineering, dude!
 What's the matter? Are you shocked a SHOCKED that a woman could be an engineer?
 It's November!
 Yeah, you keep making that joke.
 Hey! I heard you were looking for me?
 No thanks!
 Positive.
 I thought there were issues with the "grey goo" scenario being impossible?
 Can we also all agree that if there was a superhero who could shrink really small, he should be called "The Manite"?
 Didn't other climbers find the bodies?
 Wow.  There's something so spooky and sad about their bodies being frozen like that.  It's like a treasure hunt with a perfectly preserved corpse at the end.
 That's not why we're going!
 FINE.
 The Everest Eliminator is actually a pretty nice guy, huh?
 What's up? 
 Sometimes, my friend, you have problems that I really don't know how to help you with.
 A copy of what?
 I, too, will take it to my grave.
 Um, it was the 60s?
 I suppose this legacy of sexism will be with us until we, as a people, finally return to the moon with chicks.
 What the hell, T-Rex!  What's with the noise?
 Listen, T-Rex!  We're all tired of hearing the Beach Boys asking Rhonda for help.
 Just turn it down!  Everyone within 100 metres can hear it.  If you don't I'll call the cops, for serious.
 Hey, are you still going on about that sleep?
 It's alright! My cheeks ARE pretty sweet. Maybe they just got the better of you sugarbuns.
 Raptors are more important in this one! Smarter, too!
 Do we fight?
 I represent humanity's folly!
 T-Rex, you sure have been saying "damn" a lot lately!
 See? Like right there! Dromiceiomimus and I were talking about staging an intervention.
 You're not making this easy on us!
 We're going to try electro-shock therapy.
 I really don't see why you're forcing a Game Boy into this, T-Rex!
 Yeah, but it's ridiculous! This is you: "Marriage is like Game Boys, only you marry the Game Boys."
 Game Boys are like 15 years old!
 Why are you worried about this, T-Rex?  It's just a genre label!
 So - it's something that's applied to your work after it's completed.  Unless you want to write specifically to a generic form, you don't have to worry about it!
 Man!  Why not write a story about a cat then.  You like cats.
 And, you know, skills at poker!
 I believe, canonically, the minimum skill set is knowing when to hold them, as well as being aware of the proper time at which to fold them.
 So - did you drink the juice!
 I woulda thought you'd drink the juice.
 That's a terrible story, T-Rex!
 Yeah, and it destroys the character! Superman is a symbol of hope, and you have him basically standing up and shouting "HOPE IS USELESS AGAINST A SUPERIOR FOE" and then everyone Earth dies.
 You're privileging your happiness over his!
 Okay.
 I think you're just setting up this point system so that it supports you and your lady friend staying together!
 That's not really romance, T-Rex!
 The GESTURE is what's romantic: the chocolate and diamonds are just the instantiation of the gesture. Without any meaning behind it, the chocolates are just tasty times!
 Well, not ALL of our actions, T-Rex! Just the big ones.
 O-Okay.
 So what's your Utahraptor simulator like?
 He's um - he's okay!
 T-Rex, how is this different from any other day? You stomp on things routinely!
 I didn't think you were the type to believe in that sort of thing.
  I thought we decided "true love" could apply to more than one person!
  But that depends on knowledge you could never have!  It just means that you'll be paranoid you're not full potential happy with your sweetie.
 I think what Dromiceiomimus is saying is that there are forms!
 I might as well!
 It doesn't really seem like your heart is in this story, my friend!
 I think you've got a long way to go before people accuse you of being too commercial, T-Rex.
 Those old-timey swimsuits that had like, hats and boots and stuff?
 "This knowledge arouses me!"
 What kind of circles?
 What? You're all down on Pi Day but you can get behind an approximation of it?
 It celebrates failure?
 Good luck with that.
 I missed the "car chases are necessary in every great movie today" memo!
 Never?
 Will the sign be preserved?
 So you want to die and be posed holding a sign MADE OUT OF SKIN, and all the sign says is "Dudes, What's Shakin'" and there's not even a question mark.
 So when someone has a time machine, is that anachronism?
 I like that this is the one literary technique that has allowances for time travel.
 We all know what anthropomorphism is, dude!
 Yep! We've actually talked about it before, remember?  But - you know, thanks for the reminder!
 Gotcha.
 Oh really?!
 It can be argued that in every rational person (the definition of 'rational' is a touchy subject I won't discuss here) there are certain properties common to all. The problem (well, one problem) with relativism is how it nihilistically privileges the experience of the individual above all else, making every ethical decision the right ethical decision: who would not like to have his or her beliefs guaranteed to be as correct as anybody else's? But this is done at the cost of ignoring our shared qualities, turning away from the fact that despite different languages and cultures (and continents and skin colours) we all believe some of the same things. With that striking fundamental truth removed, the baby-rapers and the saints stand side by side, equals in righteousness.
 You sure have been summarizing literary techniques a lot lately!
 Well - what's going on in your life beyond that?  What's new?  What's shakin' with the dude?
 Aren't you and Dromi...?
 That's ridiculous! People use synecdoche all the time.
 You're seriously saying that specific writing techniques can reliably induce a physiological reaction.
 And are you a dude who wants to make wild unpredictable changes to the history of time?
 That IS how time travellers tend to roll!
 You could have kids out of wedlock with some random woman!
 Perhaps, rather than trying to hedge bets for all possible futures, you should just figure out what you really want!
 I don't owe you any money, T-Rex!
 Man, YOU owe ME 12 dollars!  We were at the grocery store and you REALLY wanted to get those stupid fish sticks shaped like Jane Austen, remember?
 "Jane Austen's Fishytime Bites", yeah, I was there.
 Wow, you can write bad copy like nobody's business!
 No thanks! I make it a rule not to join religions started by my friends or peer group.
 Isn't it just the novelty of it that appeals to you though?
 Let's listen to one!  Give me your absolute favourite.
 This is the theme song to Cheers, played on steel drums and - what is that, a theremin?
: Here's one: try being nice to him, even if you're having a bad day!
 Wow!  I personally don't see how and relationship can fail with these sure-fire tips.
 Man, that's reverse sexism!
 Okay but still, it's spreading the idea that all men care about is sex and that they're unable or unwilling to distinguish between sex good and bad.
 I disagree!
 You already had this realization, T-rex!
 Yeah, last year! You were impressed by strawberries, if I recall.
 What'd Kelsey ever do to you, T-Rex?
 Ah, so this is a "just in case" revenge plan. For Kelsey Grammer.
 Or perhaps it's just one person doing the imagining!
 That's what I'm saying!
 Let's go tell a solipsist, and then punch him, and then say "Stop imagining punching yourself!"
 Some panpsychists go further than that though!
 Yeah: at the extreme, you have panpsychists who believe that the entire universe possesses a single mind, and that everything, including us, is a part of it.
 I think the phrase is more to try to find sense to a senseless loss, T-Rex.
 What brought this on? Have you suffered any losses lately?
 Looks like!
 Yep!
 That's a pretty strong conclusion!
 ESPECIALLY depressed people.
 Less plagiarism this time!
 That's terrible! If I was your girlfriend I would break up with you just for that poem. Also, it's still plagiarized.
 This is just a regular detective story! It's more Hardy Boys than Sherlock Holmes!
 Seriously, man! Sherlock's character is defined in dozens of stories and then in like a billion fanfiction sequels. He's got more personality traits than "good at detection," and if you don't acknowledge that, why call him "Holmes" in the first place? 
 T-Rex, is what I hear true? Are you going around making out with yourself?!
 Ha, I don't know. It just sounded like something you'd be up to.
 Not really!
 You're assuming that for each decision, every person takes a separate route, but the vast majority of babies are doing the same thing: crying and then being confused.
 Man, what do you have against horses?
 They do though.
 So ask him to stop now!
 No way!  You're an adult; you deal with this.
 So doubt's important to foreshadowing?
 I think it's still foreshadowing.
 Hey, are we off to walk on your carpets?!
 I'm really looking forward to this!
 Wait up for me!
 People were more into the art!
 I believe that to be Italian Canon, yes.
 So your ad campaign would be "Forget stereotypes: comics are rad!"?
 Wow.
 You're not committing to it either!
 Perhaps!
 Well, you're done with him now!
 Okay.
 What's this?
 Yep, it's sentences like that that make me think you maybe SHOULDN'T tell folks where your ideas come from.
 Hey T-Rex, Godzilla called! He wants his butt back.
 Good point, T-Rex. Shouldn't you be in Japan? Because, you know. Godzilla went to Japan.
 Don't you think you're being kind of overzealous?
 So the true meaning of friendship is trusting your BFF to kill you?
 I guess!